pair_ID	sentence_A	sentence_B	relatedness_score	entailment_judgement
0	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	4.0	blep
1	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	allies curt 2004-12-28t09:27:00 2slick pointed me to a article at in iraq for 365 . this is a great blog and i encourage you all to read it regularly. on sunday he wrote of two iraqi soldiers who didn't see us as conquerors but as allies when the mosul bombing occurred. the suicide bomb sprayed bb-like fragments throughout the marez dining facility. one piece of shrapnel sliced through the femoral artery of a u.s. soldier and his only chance for survival was in the hands of these two iraqis. recalling the medical classes they'd received from the special forces, the iraqis reacted calmly, fastening a belt above the wound, creating a tourniquet, which stopped the gushing stream of red. they moved the soldier to a medvac vehicle via two-man litter carry. after they hoisted the soldier in the truck, the two iraqis -- one an officer, the other an nco -- ran back to the facility and began treating the other wounded without regard for their safety. when the dust settled and the mess tent had been evacuated, everybody who could talk was questioned about their health. when the medics came to the two iraqis, the ing soldiers only wanted to know how everybody else was. when asked why did they do it, they simply stated, "this was our duty; we are a team, and we take care of each other." even the americans. no matter what the msm tries to tell you, there are iraqi's who will help the allies, who will fight alongside them and put their lives at risk to make sure democracy succeeds in their country. this brings to mind a speech prime minister tony blair gave recently while visiting iraq. when i meet the people working alongside the united nations--iraqis in fear of their life every day, because they are trying to bring freedom and democracy to their people--when i see their courage and their determination and know that they speak for the vast majority of people in iraq who want that democracy and freedom, then i know that we are doing the right thing. . . . and i will also say this to you: there are people dying in iraq, but the reason people are dying is because of the terrorism and the intimidation and the people who are deliberately killing anyone trying to make this country better. now what should our response be as an international community? our response should be to stand alongside the democrats--the people who've got the courage to see this thing through--and help them see it through. i've got no doubt at all that that is the right thing for us to do. . . . sometimes when i see some of the reporting of what's happening in iraq in the rest of the world, i just feel that people should understand how precious what has been created here is. and those people from that electoral commission that i described as the heroes of the new iraq--every day . . . a lot of them aren't living in the green zone, they've got to travel in from outside. they do not know at any point in time whether they're going to be subject to brutality or intimidation, even death, and yet they carry on doing it. now what a magnificent example of the human spirit--that's the side we should be on. 	3.0	blep
2	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	lynch travels back to u.s.; is life in iraq stabilizing?; is bush administration planning other regime changes? woodruff one of the toughest jobs in iraq right now is that of the military doctor. cnn medical correspondent, dr. sanjay gupta, has been traveling with the devil docs throughout the war and now they are close to baghdad. (begin videotape) sanjay gupta, cnn medical correspondent (voice-over) each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story. some we'll never know. for others, the stories can be seen in their injuries. nobody knows these stories better than the devil docs, naval corpsmen who never look the other way, but rather face what needs to be done without flinching. they are often the first faces the injured see, be they iraqi or coalition force members. even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets, the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here. the work of the devil docs is by no means over. the navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room, just on the outskirts of baghdad. this is the closest front line surgical company. corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent. it is there the doctors begin their work. over 45 minutes as we watched, 32 patients were delivered here, evaluated and nine operations started; 29 of those delivered, marines involved in a firefight in the center of baghdad. their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket-propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons. the operations are on their hands, abdomen and face. two of the marines, too far gone. for many of the survivors, that news is the most difficult to handle. along with the medical care, hands are held, spirits are lifted. dr. sanjay gupta, cnn with the devil docs outside baghdad. (end videotape) 	1.0	blep
3	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	"vanity fair's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california. good to have you with us. thanks for having me. your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime. give us your insights as to what you think the future holds. do you mean if i start with the past? not at you will. not at all i. not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon. maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds, removing the regime. absolutely. we'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument. as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states, again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly. still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members. mr. cheney's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein. of course, mr. cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and -- many others. when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated. yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community, lawyers, human rights activists, civilians, intellectuals, people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights. mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to 	1.0	blep
4	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	moving onto the laci peterson case bill, an unusual request from scott peterson's attorney. a pair of laci peterson's missing shoes could be very important evidence in scott's murder trial. she asking anyone who finds the pair to give them back. no sign of geragos or peterson in court yesterday when a judge was considering whether to unseal warrants obtained before scott peterson's arrest. peterson awaiting trial in the murder of his wife lace sand their unborn son. joining us, beth caras. good morning once again. thanks for being with us. 	1.0	blep
5	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	u.s. likely to wait, regroup before attacking baghdad 04-03-03 02:16:00est by edward epstein c.2003 san francisco chronicle washington _ having punched through severely depleted republican guard divisions that formed baghdad's outer defensive ring, u.s. army and marine forces are likely to pause again to test the iraqi capital's inner defenses and waall but evaporated under the weight of the u.s. assault. their collapse left the u.s. troops less than 20 miles from saddam hussein's capital. bet`fow central command chief gen. tommy franks and his field commanders face a big decision _ whether to rush into the city of 5 million where hussein's regime has gathered its most-trusted forces or wait and see if the war can be won without paying the price of street-to-street urban fighting. ``we are expectingn or at least planning for, a very difficult fight ahead,'' gen. stanley mcchrystal said at the pentagon tuesday. ``we are not expecting to drive into baghdad suddenly and seize it.'' instead of an all-out assault, analysts expect the united states to follow the example of british forces outside the southern iraqi city of basra. they are likely to mount small probing patrols into the city to determine the level of iraqi resistance. if these patrols meet little opposition, thousands of troops could rush into the city. if the iraqis respond forcefully, the army and marine units could withdraw and await the 4th mechanized infantry division, which will soon start moving north from kuwait. while they wait, the forces would try to determine where iraqi strong points are within the city and where hussein might be, if he is still alive. ``the basra model will work for a while, at least until you see problems with food and water for civilians in the city,'' said lawrence korb, an analyst at the council on foreign relations who was assistant defense secretary under former president ronald reagan. ``before going in (with a full assault), you have to decide if it's worth the risks, and ... you have to know who's there in the way of iraqi forces and the amount of potential damage to civilians,'' he said. the administration has said it wants to minimize casualties to iraqi civilians, which makes the british experience around basra instructive, the analysts said. the british have been outside the city of 1.5 million for more than a week. thousands of refugees have fled the city, apparently providing information to the british that has led to raids on military and baath party sites in the city. ``the key endgame may be whether the u.s. can parse out the key regime centers of power in baghdad and attack them without having to fight into the city, or at least locate them well enough to atman of the center for strategic and international studies said in his daily war report. u.s. strategists say that hussein, if he is still alive and in control of his forces, might like a bloody battle in baghdad because such fighting could cause heavy u.s. casualties. his last hope for survival might be that the united states loses its taste for such losses and forces president bush to negotiate a compromise that would allow hussein and his family to keep power in baghdad. but michael o'hanlon of the brookings institution in washington said the apparent collapse of republican guard resistance could deprive hussein of much of the wallop he was counting on in the city. ``if u.s. forces seriously degrade iraq's half-dozen republican guard divisions before that final battle, and only have to face perhaps 30,000 special republican guard, fedayeen, and related personnel, the task will not be as hard as it might have been,'' he said. while two guard divisions have apparently been smashed, there are three others in the baghdad area. a sixth remains in northern iraq. cordesman said it seems the guards have been reinforced by units from the regular iraqi army, which is generally viewed as less reliable. this shows the iraqi military's growing weakness, he said. ``the republican guard has taken a massive hammering at every level and is now scattered and deploying somewhat erratically at the brigade level,'' he said. the iraqis still haven't used chemical weapons, even though many experts feared such attacks as the u.s. troops neared baghdad. korb, who's convinced hussein has stocks of chemical weapons he never reported to u.n. inspectors, said he wouldn't be surprised if hussein tried to use them. but he also said, ``he may destroy them to embarrass us,'' to show the world he never had such weapons and that bush invaded for no reason other than aggression. the u.s. forces zeroing in on baghdad _ the 1st marine division from the east and the army's 3rd mechanized infantry division _ are trained in urban warfare. but in such close-quarters fighting, they would lose much of the technological advantage of their air supremacy, which would have to be curtailed because bombing in a city can cause large civilian casualties. however, baghdad from the air looks like los angeles _ wide, straight boulevards intersected by side streets in a grid pattern. ``our forces would be capable of dealing with it reasonably. but there would be lots of casualties on all sides,'' korb said. 	4.0	blep
6	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	coalition troops penetrate outskirts of baghdad woodruff thanks very much. an investigation is under way at a makeshift morgue in southern iraq after a gruesome discovery by some british troops. tim ewart of itn news reports on evidence of atrocities at an abandoned iraqi military base. (begin videotape) tim ewart, itv news (voice-over) it was a discovery that horrified the soldiers who made it. the remains of hundreds of men were found in plastic bags and unsealed hard-board coffins. british troops found the bodies at an abandoned iraqi military base on the outskirts of azubayr. the evidence suggested it was the scene of appalling atrocities. the teeth in many of the skulls had been broken, and bones appeared to be wrapped in strips of military uniform. it's not clear how long the bodies had lain here, but they were clearly not from this war. unidentified male you come to expect everything in war fighting. the coffins were there. it was a bit more of a surprise when i discovered the bags with the human remains inside. ewart inside a neighboring building, there was evidence of cells and a catalog of photographs of the dead. most had died from gunshot wounds to the head. others were mutilated beyond recognition, their faces burned and swollen. outside, soldiers discovered what they described as a purpose- built shooting gallery, the brickwork behind it riddled with bullets. identity cards revealed the names of some of the dead. forensic specialists will now visit the scene and hope to establish the truth of what happened here and when. (on camera): today's discovery seems to provide shocking evidence of atrocities under saddam hussein's regime. most people are afraid to talk openly about what's been happening here. but when they do, british soldiers believe, more horrors will come to light. tim ewart, itv news, azubayr. (end videotape) woodruff well, from a gruesome finding to a dangerous one in central iraq. u.s. troops work to clear that area of iraqi weapons, coming up. 	5.0	blep
7	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	2.0	blep
8	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	even more blogospheric m&a? byrne 2005-02-06t20:09:00 frenetic merger and acquisition activity doesn't mean much in the early days of a business -- it's just as likely that ridiculously overfunded startups are buying out their bankrupt competitors to create larger and less stable conglomerates as it is that forward-thinking visionaries are cutting off their competitors early. but when an outsider buys into the business once it's established itself as important, but before it's really gotten profitable, it's big news. for now, it's just a rumor that ask jeeves is buying bloglines . i'd keep an eye on this -- if ask jeeves pops on the news, the easy money from the blogging trend is already gone. michael ????-??-??t10:49:00 well said! like somebody commented on the napsterization post, 0 + 0 = 0. :-) 	1.0	blep
9	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	israeli prime minister ariel sharon and palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas scheduled to meet today, their second chance now to discuss the bush administration's road map more mideast peace. both sides will meet with president bush when he arrives in the mideast next week. our jerusalem bureau chief mike hanna standing by with more and that. mike? 	1.0	blep
10	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	5,400 sailors and marines are back at home after serving in iraq. they're the crew of the "uss harry s. truman." they have reunited with their families and friends, at the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia. the "truman" is the first east coast-based carrier to return from the war. 	2.0	blep
11	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	3.0	blep
12	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	1.0	blep
13	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	another story out of belgrade, violence at the highest form. the serbian prime minister, zoran djindjic has died of his wounds after being shot, an assassination attempt. apparently, he was on his way to greet reporters at the time outside the main government office there in belgrade. all this happening about 90 minutes ago based on the wire reports we're getting here. the word from serbia, zoran djindjic, the prime minister, is dead. earlier reports said he was shot in the back, as well as the stomach. 	1.0	blep
14	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	democrats finally getting it right on abortion? scott 2004-12-23t14:49:00 this is absolutely amazing news. finally, the democrats are finally realizing that the american people support the rights of unborn children and may soon revamp their platform to accommodate the morals and values that at least half of this country possesses. of course, i'm sure the democrats would also like to start winning elections again. from the los angeles times : after long defining itself as an undisputed defender of abortion rights, the democratic party is suddenly locked in an internal struggle over whether to redefine its position to appeal to a broader array of voters. the fight is a central theme of the contest to head the democratic national, particularly between two leading candidates: former vermont gov. howard dean, who supports abortion rights, and former indiana rep. tim roemer, an abortion foe who argues that the party cannot rebound from its losses in the november election unless it shows more tolerance on one of society's most emotional conflicts. no democrat with any respect for his unraveling party would ever mention howard dean's name again. the fact that he didn't win a single primary outside his home state shows that the country does not embrace his radical liberalism. of course outspoken organizations such as planned parenthood, which gives a lot of money to democrats, will fight with everything they've got to keep the democratic platform as liberal as possible. results from the last few elections suggest that wouldn't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in congress. 	1.0	blep
15	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	german police say a teenage lebanese gunman, who hijacked a bus today, was hoping to free a key september 11th suspect. the gunman is accused of commandeering the bus in the north german city of bremen and holding 16 people hostage during a 75-mile police chase down the autobahn. negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners, including ramzi binalshibh, a september 11th suspect apprehended last year in pakistan. police captured the 17-year-old hijacking suspect without firing a shot. all hostages were released unharmed. 	1.0	blep
16	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	coalition troops penetrate outskirts of baghdad woodruff thanks very much. an investigation is under way at a makeshift morgue in southern iraq after a gruesome discovery by some british troops. tim ewart of itn news reports on evidence of atrocities at an abandoned iraqi military base. (begin videotape) tim ewart, itv news (voice-over) it was a discovery that horrified the soldiers who made it. the remains of hundreds of men were found in plastic bags and unsealed hard-board coffins. british troops found the bodies at an abandoned iraqi military base on the outskirts of azubayr. the evidence suggested it was the scene of appalling atrocities. the teeth in many of the skulls had been broken, and bones appeared to be wrapped in strips of military uniform. it's not clear how long the bodies had lain here, but they were clearly not from this war. unidentified male you come to expect everything in war fighting. the coffins were there. it was a bit more of a surprise when i discovered the bags with the human remains inside. ewart inside a neighboring building, there was evidence of cells and a catalog of photographs of the dead. most had died from gunshot wounds to the head. others were mutilated beyond recognition, their faces burned and swollen. outside, soldiers discovered what they described as a purpose- built shooting gallery, the brickwork behind it riddled with bullets. identity cards revealed the names of some of the dead. forensic specialists will now visit the scene and hope to establish the truth of what happened here and when. (on camera): today's discovery seems to provide shocking evidence of atrocities under saddam hussein's regime. most people are afraid to talk openly about what's been happening here. but when they do, british soldiers believe, more horrors will come to light. tim ewart, itv news, azubayr. (end videotape) woodruff well, from a gruesome finding to a dangerous one in central iraq. u.s. troops work to clear that area of iraqi weapons, coming up. 	4.0	blep
17	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	al-qaeda & nukes curt 2004-11-14t12:40:00 time is reporting today that a al-qaeda operative was captured and is spitting out that they have plans in the work to smuggle nukes into the us from mexico, see the article here . thank god bush is still our president, although i strongly disagree with him on his new immigration policy. this policy would just make it easier for the enemy to get within our borders. 	4.0	blep
18	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	1.0	blep
19	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	allies curt 2004-12-28t09:27:00 2slick pointed me to a article at in iraq for 365 . this is a great blog and i encourage you all to read it regularly. on sunday he wrote of two iraqi soldiers who didn't see us as conquerors but as allies when the mosul bombing occurred. the suicide bomb sprayed bb-like fragments throughout the marez dining facility. one piece of shrapnel sliced through the femoral artery of a u.s. soldier and his only chance for survival was in the hands of these two iraqis. recalling the medical classes they'd received from the special forces, the iraqis reacted calmly, fastening a belt above the wound, creating a tourniquet, which stopped the gushing stream of red. they moved the soldier to a medvac vehicle via two-man litter carry. after they hoisted the soldier in the truck, the two iraqis -- one an officer, the other an nco -- ran back to the facility and began treating the other wounded without regard for their safety. when the dust settled and the mess tent had been evacuated, everybody who could talk was questioned about their health. when the medics came to the two iraqis, the ing soldiers only wanted to know how everybody else was. when asked why did they do it, they simply stated, "this was our duty; we are a team, and we take care of each other." even the americans. no matter what the msm tries to tell you, there are iraqi's who will help the allies, who will fight alongside them and put their lives at risk to make sure democracy succeeds in their country. this brings to mind a speech prime minister tony blair gave recently while visiting iraq. when i meet the people working alongside the united nations--iraqis in fear of their life every day, because they are trying to bring freedom and democracy to their people--when i see their courage and their determination and know that they speak for the vast majority of people in iraq who want that democracy and freedom, then i know that we are doing the right thing. . . . and i will also say this to you: there are people dying in iraq, but the reason people are dying is because of the terrorism and the intimidation and the people who are deliberately killing anyone trying to make this country better. now what should our response be as an international community? our response should be to stand alongside the democrats--the people who've got the courage to see this thing through--and help them see it through. i've got no doubt at all that that is the right thing for us to do. . . . sometimes when i see some of the reporting of what's happening in iraq in the rest of the world, i just feel that people should understand how precious what has been created here is. and those people from that electoral commission that i described as the heroes of the new iraq--every day . . . a lot of them aren't living in the green zone, they've got to travel in from outside. they do not know at any point in time whether they're going to be subject to brutality or intimidation, even death, and yet they carry on doing it. now what a magnificent example of the human spirit--that's the side we should be on. 	5.0	blep
20	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	lawyer reprimanded for chiluba's failure to appear in court lusaka, zambia (ap) the lawyer of former zambian president frederick chiluba was reprimanded by a lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges friday. chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court. chiluba's lawyer, chifumu banda, told the court he had advised chiluba not to appear in court friday, following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered. ``the matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here,'' said magistrate christopher shacifwa. he said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves. shacifwa ordered chiluba to appear in court on may 16. chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (us$3 million) in cash from the zambia national commercial bank in lusaka. he has denied the allegations. chiluba was zambia's first democratically elected president. he came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms. (str-sg-sv-dk) 	1.0	blep
21	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis sam sloan thu, 16 dec 2004 15:47:26 gmt turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis everyone has heard the story: beatriz marinello was elected uscf president on august 11, 2003 in los angeles. immediately after she took office, she found out that the uscf had no money in the bank, zero. the uscf did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded us open in los angeles. therefore, on august 20, 2003, bravely beatriz walked into the uscf offices in new windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members. john mccrary resigned from the board as a result. of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the uscf in 1999-2000. it took six weeks before the uscf paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the us open. i have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time. the uscf did not have zero money in the bank. it had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about. this was not due to any malfeasance. the office accountant for the uscf had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the us open into that account. nobody knew about that separate bank account, except for the accountant herself. when this was discovered, the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out. perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the uscf for scholastic tournaments. at scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid. however, in adult tournaments, the players expect to receive their prizes, and to receive them immediately. for this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the uscf, the accountant was immediately fired. had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away. perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them, but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly, in the same day. sam sloan stanb thu, 16 dec 2004 20:14:34 -0500 re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis bullcrap. he was embarassed by how niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus. he was asked to wait until after the la meeting was over before resigning. right, we shoulda pissed another 85,000 away before we stopped the red ink. parrthenon 17 dec 2004 02:29:13 gmt re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis frank niro thanks sam sloan in this message to the fide newsgroup: thu, 16 dec 2004 21:06:29 est frank niro comments on the aug 2003 so-called crisis yes, sam, you are correct. and i knew about it also. i also knew about the $100,000+ of audit adjustments (and non-adjustments) for inventory, unbilled advertising, newsstand sales, tournament revenues, pension &health insurance over-accruals, multi year membership revenue, etc. etc. that i was too sick to argue with linda and the auditors about. i knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004. and, of course, that is what happened. i just had no idea that the new board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff. not only was there adequate cash put aside, we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move. but i didn't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary. we also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in crossville. staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, miami, pbg, crossville or elsewhere. to make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for mccrary &camaratta's departures. when i offered to attend the board meeting in october 2003 to explain and clarify all this, i was told i was not welcome. i sat in new windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so i could answer eb questions and shed light on the situation. it is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to crossville, including (remarkably) the employee of the year! you can read all this in my book coming out next summer. thanks for seeing the truth for a change. best wishes to all, frank niro in a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 am eastern standard time, 	1.0	blep
22	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	france proposes suspending u.n. sanctions against iraq, a step toward u.s. goal united nations (ap) france on tuesday proposed immediately suspending u.n. sanctions targeting iraq civilians, an important step toward the u.s. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country's economy. the surprise move by france, which led opposition to the u.s. war against iraq, followed last week's call by u.s. president george w. bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction. france's u.n. ambassador, jean-marc de la sabliere, made the proposal at a security council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief u.n. weapons inspector hans blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues. the proposal would end the u.n. ban on trade and investment in iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place. the security council imposed sanctions after iraq's 1990 invasion of kuwait. under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until u.n. inspectors certify that iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them. along with france, russia, germany and china also strongly opposed the war. but de la sabliere said before the meeting that security council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.'' russian ambassador sergey lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' but he said russia wants u.n. inspectors to certify that iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under u.n. resolutions. asked about the french proposal, he said: ``we are ready to discuss it.'' at another closed-door council meeting later tuesday, the council was to hear from benon sevan, head of the u.n. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of iraq's 24 million people. france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first gulf war. ``there should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de la sabliere said. this is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against iraq. these include not only iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the u.n. role in iraq now that the fighting is over, control of iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts. blix stressed that council resolutions call for u.n. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in iraq. he said he told the council that he believes the world would like iraq's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years. the bush administration, which accused blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to iraq to search for illegal weapons. ``at the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming iraq,'' u.s. ambassador john negroponte, said tuesday when asked whether u.s. teams would work with u.n. inspectors. he said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.'' france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the american teams and the work of u.n. inspectors ``so that the iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.'' he told the associated press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. he also envisioned u.s. and u.n. inspectors working together. ``and then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate iraqi government is in place,'' he said. in an interview with bbc radio aired tuesday, blix said that before the war, the u.s. and britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove iraq had banned weapons. blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that u.s. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting iraq tried to buy uranium from the west african nation of niger. he told reporters at the united nations on tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.'' u.n. inspectors went back to iraq for the first time in four years in late november and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. secretary-general kofi annan ordered all u.n. international staff, including the inspectors, to leave iraq just before the war began on march 20. he has said he expects them to return. annan also said tuesday in austria that iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. he acknowledged that ``the u.n. is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the u.n. role in iraq in the ``not too distant future.'' 	1.0	blep
23	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	france proposes suspending u.n. sanctions against iraq, a step toward u.s. goal united nations (ap) france on tuesday proposed immediately suspending u.n. sanctions targeting iraq civilians, an important step toward the u.s. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country's economy. the surprise move by france, which led opposition to the u.s. war against iraq, followed last week's call by u.s. president george w. bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction. france's u.n. ambassador, jean-marc de la sabliere, made the proposal at a security council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief u.n. weapons inspector hans blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues. the proposal would end the u.n. ban on trade and investment in iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place. the security council imposed sanctions after iraq's 1990 invasion of kuwait. under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until u.n. inspectors certify that iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them. along with france, russia, germany and china also strongly opposed the war. but de la sabliere said before the meeting that security council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.'' russian ambassador sergey lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' but he said russia wants u.n. inspectors to certify that iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under u.n. resolutions. asked about the french proposal, he said: ``we are ready to discuss it.'' at another closed-door council meeting later tuesday, the council was to hear from benon sevan, head of the u.n. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of iraq's 24 million people. france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first gulf war. ``there should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de la sabliere said. this is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against iraq. these include not only iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the u.n. role in iraq now that the fighting is over, control of iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts. blix stressed that council resolutions call for u.n. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in iraq. he said he told the council that he believes the world would like iraq's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years. the bush administration, which accused blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to iraq to search for illegal weapons. ``at the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming iraq,'' u.s. ambassador john negroponte, said tuesday when asked whether u.s. teams would work with u.n. inspectors. he said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.'' france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the american teams and the work of u.n. inspectors ``so that the iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.'' he told the associated press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. he also envisioned u.s. and u.n. inspectors working together. ``and then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate iraqi government is in place,'' he said. in an interview with bbc radio aired tuesday, blix said that before the war, the u.s. and britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove iraq had banned weapons. blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that u.s. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting iraq tried to buy uranium from the west african nation of niger. he told reporters at the united nations on tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.'' u.n. inspectors went back to iraq for the first time in four years in late november and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. secretary-general kofi annan ordered all u.n. international staff, including the inspectors, to leave iraq just before the war began on march 20. he has said he expects them to return. annan also said tuesday in austria that iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. he acknowledged that ``the u.n. is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the u.n. role in iraq in the ``not too distant future.'' 	1.0	blep
24	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	these are the latest developments in the war on iraq. the pentagon tonight said coalition troops have reached baghdad international airport. troops are involved in heavy fighting with iraqi forces. the pentagon says the strategy is to seize key objectives in and around baghdad. reports suggesting airport buildings have been attacked, but runways remain operational. tonight, a series of large explosions rocking central baghdad, as we've been reporting to you over the course of this hour. coalition aircraft were heard flying overhead. it's not clear what the targets are. certainly, some of them near and around saddam hussein international airport although there have been strikes in central baghdad as well. in the course of the past hour. the army's 3rd infantry division 1st marine division, leading the assault against baghdad. the 3rd infantry is approaching from the southwest, the 1st marines from the southeast. armored forces destroyed dozens of iraqi tanks and personnel carriers in their advance on baghdad. iraqi forces using soviet-era tanks. they stand no chance against the m1 abrams tanks used by army and marines. 	4.0	blep
25	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	yasser arafat declared brain dead clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity fri, 5 nov 2004 11:19:21 +1000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead just what the world needs this week...more palestinian instability! uncle dollar bill fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 5 nov 2004 11:20:13 +1000 in alt.atheism, "clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity"(c...@spamblockphonyemail.com) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: ...which is still greater than the chance that the u.s. will ever come to its senses. wouldn't it be something if these formerly "militant extremist" muslim regiemes became more liberal while the u.s. became... ah... never mind. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." vic sagerquist fri, 05 nov 2004 03:20:44 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 04 nov 2004, daniel kolle dropped trou, farted, whirled, then shouted: cancer is not a happy thing. stomach cancer's got to hurt like hell. i wonder what allah was thinking when he allowed that. robibnikoff thu, 4 nov 2004 22:28:11 -0500 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead my husband's uncle died of it about a year before we got married. it was awful :( -- --------- robyn resident witchypoo #1557 daniel kolle 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead i have always wondered if cancer would hurt or not. i take it that it does. raven1 fri, 05 nov 2004 19:28:51 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) wrote: i watched two uncles die of lung cancer (which gave me the impetus to give up smoking for good), and a close friend die of melanoma. it's not a death i would wish on my worst enemy. uncle dollar bill sat, 06 nov 2004 03:41:56 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 in alt.atheism, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: consider yourself lucky that you had to wonder about it. i became familiar with _that_ issue at a very young age. and many times thereafter. to say that it "hurts like hell" is an understatement, at least the kinds my family had been prone to. when you see the woman who raised you sucking desperately on a dropper of liquid morphine like it were her own mother's teat, you're just never quite the same. the "woman who raised me" wasn't actually my mother, but my grandmother, btw. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:38:46 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt the et form known as uncle dollar bill(uncledollarb...@spammenot .com) sent a radio signal across the vast expanse of deep space -._.--._.--._.--._.--._.--._. there was the free press in qatar, al jeezera but its' offices in kabul and baghdad were bombed by americans. only one thing the neocons hate more than despotism in the middle east and that is freedom of the press in the middle east. -- epicurus1*at*optusnet*dot*com* dot*au apatriot #1, atheist #1417, chief eac prophet apatriotism yahoo group "properly read, the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived." - isaac asimov meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead might just be conspiracy stuff but otoh mossad does have a reputation for highly effective operations. i don't think it is likely but i would not be surprised either. therion ware sat, 06 nov 2004 07:17:15 +0000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 in alt.atheism, meteorite debris (meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com)) said, directing the reply to alt.atheism anyone remember georgi markov? -- "do unto others as you would have them do unto you." - attrib: pauline reage. inexpensive vhs & other video to cd/dvd conversion? see: (). 35.00 gets your video on dvd. all posts to this email address are automatically deleted without being read. ** atheist poster child #1 ** #442. bob dog 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead the palestinians want land to live on, while sharon wants no palestinians living on the land. when the world finally grows the balls to criticize israeli terrorism, we'll see peace. but as long as "criticism is anti-semitism" is the mentality, don't act surprised that the palestinians object to the lebensraum (a/k/a settlements) and israeli terrorism (bombings, shooting farmers in their fields, bulldozing crops, destroying schools, shooting children, etc. etc. etc.). george carlin said it best: "let's not have a double standard, one standard will do just fine." apply the same standards to israel that we apply to the palestinians. bob dog rune sat, 06 nov 2004 15:25:41 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030, meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com) wrote: i think more likely, one of his palestinian rivals did it. if the israelis wanted to kill arafat, i think they'd have better ways. unless of course they wanted it to be succinct so they couldn't be blamed. but one thing that's sure about the palestinians is that no matter what happens, you can be sure they'll blame it on israel. rune mon, 08 nov 2004 02:00:23 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800, bg12...@apexmail.com (bob dog) wrote: i guess the fact that you live in the us has skewed your view. bill after bill of condemnation have passed in the united nations by overwhelming majority. regular as clockwork, the us vetos them. demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world. israel's only friend in the world is the united states. here in 'the rest of the world' it's the other way around. when you're a muslim you're untouchable, when you're israeli, you're fair game. when in it's 60 year long history has israel ever stepped up the conflict, or cast the first stone? everyone has the right to defend themselves. even jews. may i interpret this as your approving of the nazi extermination of slavic people? the extermination of kosovar albanians by native serbs? come talk to me once you decide a jewish and a muslim life are worth the same. 	3.0	blep
26	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	the draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in maryland is finished. up next for investigators, to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside fredrick, not far from washington, d.c. it's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed. 	1.0	blep
27	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	worst neighbor in the world scott 2005-02-05t19:54:00 we've all lived next to some pretty undesirable people at one point or another, but i can't imagine anyone being worse than this. a colorado judge ordered two teen-age girls to pay about $900 for the distress a neighbor said they caused by giving her home-made cookies adorned with paper hearts. the pair were ordered to pay $871.70 plus $39 in court costs after neighbor wanita renea young, 49, filed a lawsuit complaining that the unsolicited cookies, left at her house after the girls knocked on her door, had triggered an anxiety attack that sent her to the hospital the next day. taylor ostergaard, then 17, and lindsey jo zellitte, 18, paid the judgment on thursday after a small claims court ruling by la plata county court judge doug walker, a court clerk said on friday. the girls baked cookies as a surprise for several of their rural colorado neighbors on july 31 and dropped off small batches on their porches, accompanied by red or pink paper hearts and the message: "have a great night." the denver post newspaper reported on friday that the girls had decided to stay home and bake the cookies rather than go to a dance where there might be cursing and drinking. zebra report has a picture of the good-intentioned girls. maybe delinquency does pay off better. 	1.0	blep
28	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	the draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in maryland is finished. up next for investigators, to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside fredrick, not far from washington, d.c. it's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed. 	2.0	blep
29	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	shiites openly mark mohammed's birthday in iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (pictures) = baghdad, may 19 (afp) shiite muslims in iraq monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades prophet mohammed's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine us efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country. meanwhile coalition officials in iraq insisted plans for an iraqi government were still on track and russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a un draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on iraq. thousands of iraq's majority shiite muslims marched to their main mosque in baghdad to mark the birthday of islam's founder prophet mohammed. shiites, who celebrate the birthday a week later than sunni muslims, were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of saddam hussein's sunni-dominated regime. the crowd filled the street leading to the kazimiya mosque in the northeast of baghdad and carried banners in the green color of islam, calling for good government. "no to injustice," "no to occupation," "no to israel," "yes to islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform. imam mohammad al-fartussi, who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women, alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of saddam and called iraq "the land of imams... land of islam." the demonstration came as iraq's top us overseer paul bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country. in his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with saddam hussein's regime nearly six weeks ago. but despite issuing a host of tough decrees, bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country. despite a security crackdown over the weekend in baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence. in baghdad, almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since us troops took control of the capital on april 9. only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. baghdad's top police job remains vacant. and a trip to baghdad's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post-saddam era. packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of saddam's regime, the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons. jalal jamil, a 45-year-old jewellery store owner, said the situation just keeps getting worse. "the americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said. bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier us timeline on forming a government in iraq, but us-led coalition officials monday insisted government plans were still on track. "we want to have an iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the organisation of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance (orha), which is administering post-war iraq. officials from iraqi groups that met with bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks. "we understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them: 'you won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government," the source said. "'of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said. "the last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said. the comments came on the same day that a prominent iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in iraq. adnan pachachi, a onetime foreign minister who returned to iraq on may 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent az-zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision. an interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly, that would draw up a constitution, pachachi said. a referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government, the 80-year-old pachachi told the daily. on the diplomatic front, a top russian official said monday that the un security council would likely vote this week on a us-british draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on iraq in 1990 after its invasion of kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year. "an updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," deputy foreign minister yury fedotov told itar-tass news agency. yet fedotov did not say whether russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the united states, britain and spain first submitted it more than a week ago. russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said. with billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in iraq, russia has been anxious to secure un involvement before supporting the resolution. australia announced the creation monday of an expert panel to help iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts. 	3.0	blep
30	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	1.0	blep
31	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	4.0	blep
32	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	as we told you at the top of this newscast, an oklahoma judge has ruled that terry nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first-degree murder. the oklahoma city bombing conspirator is already serving a life term in federal prison. state proceedings could bring the death penalty if nichols is convicted. a trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence. a texas woman is in jail this morning accused of killing her two sons and severely beating another the day before mother's day. yesterday a silent dee ana laney waited as the judge read the charges against her. capital murder and aggravated assault. one of the first people to arrive at the crime scene. judge james marin. thanks very much. why were you there so quickly? i wasn't really there that quickly. i actually responded a few hours after the sheriff's department did. the reason you went was? well, being the justice of the peace we are the ones that hold the inquest on the death and they were required to call us to the scene. what did you see when you got there? well, to be honest with you, i saw a pretty gruesome sight and i think it's been talked about quite a bit the last few days and if anybody didn't have to be there to see it, they were lucky not to have to be there. it was a horrific sight, you don't have to go into details, obviously, we can only imagine how bad it might have been. it probably was, indeed, based on your eyewitness accounts. what happened? they were collecting evidence as you were there, the law enforcement authorities? they had been collecting their evidence and, of course, when i got there they showed me the location and, of course, then having to do 	2.0	blep
33	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	indonesia delays execution of convicts including indian on death row jakarta, march 27 (afp) indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an indian on death row after five of them appealed to the supreme court for a second review, prosecutors said thursday. "if we execute them now we can't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted," said antasari azhar, spokesman for the attorney general's office. the supreme court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts. the sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review. president megawati sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution. five of them are indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an indian drug offender, ayodhya prasad chaubey. "we are talking about someone's life or death so we have to be very careful," azhar said. a convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the supreme court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court. apart from those convicted of murder, 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking -- 11 foreigners, four indonesians and a dutch citizen of chinese-indonesian origin. indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences, including death, for drug smugglers. narcotics abuse is an increasingly serious problem in the country. amnesty international has appealed to indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others, saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments. amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime. use of the death penalty is rare in indonesia, where the last execution was carried out in may 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989. it was the first execution for five years. a police firing squad enforces the penalty. 	2.0	blep
34	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	2.0	blep
35	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	yasser arafat declared brain dead clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity fri, 5 nov 2004 11:19:21 +1000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead just what the world needs this week...more palestinian instability! uncle dollar bill fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 5 nov 2004 11:20:13 +1000 in alt.atheism, "clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity"(c...@spamblockphonyemail.com) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: ...which is still greater than the chance that the u.s. will ever come to its senses. wouldn't it be something if these formerly "militant extremist" muslim regiemes became more liberal while the u.s. became... ah... never mind. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." vic sagerquist fri, 05 nov 2004 03:20:44 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 04 nov 2004, daniel kolle dropped trou, farted, whirled, then shouted: cancer is not a happy thing. stomach cancer's got to hurt like hell. i wonder what allah was thinking when he allowed that. robibnikoff thu, 4 nov 2004 22:28:11 -0500 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead my husband's uncle died of it about a year before we got married. it was awful :( -- --------- robyn resident witchypoo #1557 daniel kolle 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead i have always wondered if cancer would hurt or not. i take it that it does. raven1 fri, 05 nov 2004 19:28:51 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) wrote: i watched two uncles die of lung cancer (which gave me the impetus to give up smoking for good), and a close friend die of melanoma. it's not a death i would wish on my worst enemy. uncle dollar bill sat, 06 nov 2004 03:41:56 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 in alt.atheism, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: consider yourself lucky that you had to wonder about it. i became familiar with _that_ issue at a very young age. and many times thereafter. to say that it "hurts like hell" is an understatement, at least the kinds my family had been prone to. when you see the woman who raised you sucking desperately on a dropper of liquid morphine like it were her own mother's teat, you're just never quite the same. the "woman who raised me" wasn't actually my mother, but my grandmother, btw. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:38:46 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt the et form known as uncle dollar bill(uncledollarb...@spammenot .com) sent a radio signal across the vast expanse of deep space -._.--._.--._.--._.--._.--._. there was the free press in qatar, al jeezera but its' offices in kabul and baghdad were bombed by americans. only one thing the neocons hate more than despotism in the middle east and that is freedom of the press in the middle east. -- epicurus1*at*optusnet*dot*com* dot*au apatriot #1, atheist #1417, chief eac prophet apatriotism yahoo group "properly read, the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived." - isaac asimov meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead might just be conspiracy stuff but otoh mossad does have a reputation for highly effective operations. i don't think it is likely but i would not be surprised either. therion ware sat, 06 nov 2004 07:17:15 +0000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 in alt.atheism, meteorite debris (meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com)) said, directing the reply to alt.atheism anyone remember georgi markov? -- "do unto others as you would have them do unto you." - attrib: pauline reage. inexpensive vhs & other video to cd/dvd conversion? see: (). 35.00 gets your video on dvd. all posts to this email address are automatically deleted without being read. ** atheist poster child #1 ** #442. bob dog 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead the palestinians want land to live on, while sharon wants no palestinians living on the land. when the world finally grows the balls to criticize israeli terrorism, we'll see peace. but as long as "criticism is anti-semitism" is the mentality, don't act surprised that the palestinians object to the lebensraum (a/k/a settlements) and israeli terrorism (bombings, shooting farmers in their fields, bulldozing crops, destroying schools, shooting children, etc. etc. etc.). george carlin said it best: "let's not have a double standard, one standard will do just fine." apply the same standards to israel that we apply to the palestinians. bob dog rune sat, 06 nov 2004 15:25:41 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030, meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com) wrote: i think more likely, one of his palestinian rivals did it. if the israelis wanted to kill arafat, i think they'd have better ways. unless of course they wanted it to be succinct so they couldn't be blamed. but one thing that's sure about the palestinians is that no matter what happens, you can be sure they'll blame it on israel. rune mon, 08 nov 2004 02:00:23 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800, bg12...@apexmail.com (bob dog) wrote: i guess the fact that you live in the us has skewed your view. bill after bill of condemnation have passed in the united nations by overwhelming majority. regular as clockwork, the us vetos them. demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world. israel's only friend in the world is the united states. here in 'the rest of the world' it's the other way around. when you're a muslim you're untouchable, when you're israeli, you're fair game. when in it's 60 year long history has israel ever stepped up the conflict, or cast the first stone? everyone has the right to defend themselves. even jews. may i interpret this as your approving of the nazi extermination of slavic people? the extermination of kosovar albanians by native serbs? come talk to me once you decide a jewish and a muslim life are worth the same. 	3.0	blep
36	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	push to baghdad begins; pow safe in army's care blitzer that's cnn's karl penhaul with the very latest from the battlefront. let's get an update now on casualties on operation iraqi freedom. military officials say 39 americans have been killed in combat, 9 more by friendly fire or an accident. britain reports 6 of its troops have been killed by combat, 19 more in nonhostile action and 2 deaths have not been classified. iraq does not report on its military casualties, but iraqi officials say 420 civilians have been killed and about 4,000 injured. u.s. central command says 4,500 iraqis have been taken prisoner. seven americans remain prisoners of war in iraq and 15 americans are listed as missing in action. one less than yesterday after that dramatic rescue of private first class jessica lynch. judy, in the next hour, on our special "wolf blitzer reports," i'm going to be speaking live to her older brother who is in the army, her younger sister who wants to be in the army, just around the same time as jessica is going to be arriving at ramstein, the air base in germany for some serious medical treatment. that's all coming up on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports" at the top of the hour. judy, back to you. woodruff all right, wolf, and we will be watching. thanks very much. well, at the pentagon briefing this afternoon, officials describing several units of the republican guard as effectively no longer being a credible fighting force. let's get the very latest from the pentagon for the overall war picture as they see it. our jamie mcintyre our senior military affairs correspondent is with us now. hello, again, jamie. jamie mcintyre, cnn snr. military affairs correspondent well judy, the pentagon is beginning to see positive signs that it hadn't seen for awhile. first of all, as we saw just a few moments ago on cnn, the pictures of some of the actual happy iraqi citizens welcoming u.s. troops, that taking place in najaf. also the pentagon is seeing lighter than expected resistance indicating at least that they may have really seriously degraded those republican guard divisions before the u.s. troops arrived, both in karbala and also in al kut. they met lighter than expected resistance. but the pentagon officials stress that as they close in on baghdad, this becomes the real dangerous part as they enter that so- called red zone where saddam hussein is believed to have given his commanders authority to use chemical weapons, and that use of chemical weapons remains a real fear at the pentagon. (begin video clip) major general stanley mcchrystal, joint chiefs, vice dir. we are not expecting to drive into baghdad suddenly and seize it in a coup de mains, or anything like that. so, in regard to that, we are paying great attention to their ability to defend on the ground. they may just suddenly be effective on the ground. additionally, their ability to use chemical and biological weapons, they've proven it historically. we believe they have the capability now. clearly, as we threaten the core of the regime, which baghdad and tikrit represent, we believe that the likelihood of them using those weapons goes up. (end video clip) blitzer in less than 24 hours, the u.s. 101st airborne division has driven iraqi fedayeen fighters from the key city of najaf, pushed north in a several-pronged attack. the army's 3rd infantry has punched through karbala, meeting only light resistance from the medina republican guard, and moving along highway nine within 25 miles of baghdad. at the same time, the marines from the 1st division have secured a key tigris river crossing near al kut and reported to have essentially destroyed the combat fighting ability of that light infantry baghdad division that was supposed to be providing defense down there. at the u.s. central command briefing this morning at the forward headquarters in doha, qatar, general vincent brooks said that the u.s. would be continuing to approach baghdad. he said, quote, "the dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime now, and it will remain pointed at it," he said, "until the regime is gone." judy. woodruff jamie, these descriptions of the weakening of the republican guard begin to bring back memories of the first gulf war 12 years ago. is there a chance that coalition forces could, at this point, be overestimating the strength of what's left of the opposition? mcintyre well, they might be. and that might be a good thing. they are taking it very cautiously. no one, again, they stress the most dangerous part of this could be ahead. could be urban combat. could involve chemical weapons. could be the most loyal fighters left as they draw into baghdad. could be a very dangerous time. they also are careful to point out that even while they say that the division has been destroyed, they don't mean every single person has been killed. simply that its combat effectiveness has been eliminated - judy. woodruff we notice they said they did not want to use the word destroyed, in fact, they said let others do that. jamie mcintyre at the pentagon. 	4.0	blep
37	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	well, sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the catholic church in the united states and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in st. louis for their semiannual meeting. under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops, diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities. past, present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry. no priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another desies. with me now to talk more about the o'brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are barbara blain, the founder of the survivors network in st. louis and also joining us from detroit joe mayor, the founder of a priest support group. barbara, to you first. as the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow, are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue? 	1.0	blep
38	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	shiites openly mark mohammed's birthday in iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (pictures) = baghdad, may 19 (afp) shiite muslims in iraq monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades prophet mohammed's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine us efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country. meanwhile coalition officials in iraq insisted plans for an iraqi government were still on track and russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a un draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on iraq. thousands of iraq's majority shiite muslims marched to their main mosque in baghdad to mark the birthday of islam's founder prophet mohammed. shiites, who celebrate the birthday a week later than sunni muslims, were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of saddam hussein's sunni-dominated regime. the crowd filled the street leading to the kazimiya mosque in the northeast of baghdad and carried banners in the green color of islam, calling for good government. "no to injustice," "no to occupation," "no to israel," "yes to islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform. imam mohammad al-fartussi, who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women, alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of saddam and called iraq "the land of imams... land of islam." the demonstration came as iraq's top us overseer paul bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country. in his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with saddam hussein's regime nearly six weeks ago. but despite issuing a host of tough decrees, bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country. despite a security crackdown over the weekend in baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence. in baghdad, almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since us troops took control of the capital on april 9. only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. baghdad's top police job remains vacant. and a trip to baghdad's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post-saddam era. packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of saddam's regime, the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons. jalal jamil, a 45-year-old jewellery store owner, said the situation just keeps getting worse. "the americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said. bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier us timeline on forming a government in iraq, but us-led coalition officials monday insisted government plans were still on track. "we want to have an iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the organisation of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance (orha), which is administering post-war iraq. officials from iraqi groups that met with bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks. "we understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them: 'you won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government," the source said. "'of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said. "the last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said. the comments came on the same day that a prominent iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in iraq. adnan pachachi, a onetime foreign minister who returned to iraq on may 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent az-zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision. an interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly, that would draw up a constitution, pachachi said. a referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government, the 80-year-old pachachi told the daily. on the diplomatic front, a top russian official said monday that the un security council would likely vote this week on a us-british draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on iraq in 1990 after its invasion of kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year. "an updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," deputy foreign minister yury fedotov told itar-tass news agency. yet fedotov did not say whether russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the united states, britain and spain first submitted it more than a week ago. russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said. with billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in iraq, russia has been anxious to secure un involvement before supporting the resolution. australia announced the creation monday of an expert panel to help iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts. 	1.0	blep
39	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	"vanity fair's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california. good to have you with us. thanks for having me. your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime. give us your insights as to what you think the future holds. do you mean if i start with the past? not at you will. not at all i. not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon. maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds, removing the regime. absolutely. we'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument. as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states, again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly. still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members. mr. cheney's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein. of course, mr. cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and -- many others. when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated. yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community, lawyers, human rights activists, civilians, intellectuals, people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights. mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to 	1.0	blep
40	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	null woodruff and, as we listened to john king's report, we can tell you that president bush has just -- his plane has just landed at andrews air force base, just close to the washington area, the president having flown back to the united states from that meeting in northern ireland in belfast with the british prime minister, tony blair. you just heard john reporting about it. they primarily talked about the war in iraq, the aftermath of iraq. but they also discussed the middle east and, as well, getting the northern ireland peace process started up again. it has been said that saddam hussein ruled iraq with an iron fist. i guess you can say in the past tense. his regime has left behind some disturbing evidence to support those claims. the abandoned secret police headquarters in basra is just one example. itn's bill neely is with the royal marines and he takes us on a tour of basra's chamber of horrors. (begin videotape) bill neely, itn reporter (voice-over) saddam hussein's iraq is a state of terror, and this is where it's planned and perpetrated, the headquarters of his secret police, this one in basra. no british soldier has been here yet. today, as i walked in, i met iraqis, none of whom had ever been inside willingly. what was to follow was a horrific education in terror and torture: in the smoking basement of the bombed building, a warren of cells. here, prisoners were tortured. unidentified male yes, of course. neely people died. unidentified male people died, people in prison without court, without trial. neely any people who saddam did not like. unidentified male of course. of course. neely (voice-over) the building is crumbling. down we went, further to cells that had no light, little air, cockroaches, filth, and, on the ground, a gas mask and bottles of chemicals. unidentified male you can imagine this every day, every month. so many people come here, but we don't know about them at all. neely these ordinary iraqis had been terrified to come here, until today, though one student on the left had been here before. unidentified male he was one of the prisoners here. (on camera): for how long? unidentified male eight years. unidentified male eight, nine, eight years. neely (voice-over) and his crime for eight years in jail? he prayed too much and was seen as a dangerous radical. (on camera): more cells. (voice-over): but the mukhabarat headquarters had more horrors to reveal. unidentified male and they tied their hands behind and hung them and hung them for many days. neely these men had relatives murdered here. so desperate are they to tell their story that they began reenacting what they and their brothers and friends have suffered. the hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only, another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture. saddam hussein controlled iraq through fear, torture and execution. and it happened here to tens of thousands of iraqis that saddam's secret police deemed dangerous. this man cowered for months, crammed with 300 mothers into a huge cell. hamid fatil (ph) may look like he's acting, but he was tortured here, along with his two brothers, who were executed. this man was here, too, with his brother. unidentified male they sentenced him to death. and they sent him to baghdad and killed. he was hanged there, hanged. unidentified male there's a prisoner under the name of ahmed adis aeid (ph). neely they kept records of prisoners, these and their fingerprints all that's left of them, apart from the photographs they took of exactly what they had done. (on camera): if there is an evil center to saddam hussein's regime, then it is surely here and in other places of torture. and there's plenty here that we simply cannot show you. in this block, it was men over here, hundreds of them, and women and children here. (voice-over): to call all this a chamber of horrors is a cliche. and this place is beyond cliche. the hundreds or thousands who died here who were given no trial, no voice, cry out. on the ground, i found a book called "the psychology of interrogation," as if the men who worked here for saddam needed a handbook. i was glad of the fresh air and glad to leave, glad i could. no one knows yet whether the new iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear, the horror of torture. bill neely, itv news, basra. (end videotape) woodruff unspeakable. journalists killed in the line of duty in baghdad -- how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be? our jeff greenfield examines that question when we come back. 	2.0	blep
41	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	as we told you at the top of this newscast, an oklahoma judge has ruled that terry nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first-degree murder. the oklahoma city bombing conspirator is already serving a life term in federal prison. state proceedings could bring the death penalty if nichols is convicted. a trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence. a texas woman is in jail this morning accused of killing her two sons and severely beating another the day before mother's day. yesterday a silent dee ana laney waited as the judge read the charges against her. capital murder and aggravated assault. one of the first people to arrive at the crime scene. judge james marin. thanks very much. why were you there so quickly? i wasn't really there that quickly. i actually responded a few hours after the sheriff's department did. the reason you went was? well, being the justice of the peace we are the ones that hold the inquest on the death and they were required to call us to the scene. what did you see when you got there? well, to be honest with you, i saw a pretty gruesome sight and i think it's been talked about quite a bit the last few days and if anybody didn't have to be there to see it, they were lucky not to have to be there. it was a horrific sight, you don't have to go into details, obviously, we can only imagine how bad it might have been. it probably was, indeed, based on your eyewitness accounts. what happened? they were collecting evidence as you were there, the law enforcement authorities? they had been collecting their evidence and, of course, when i got there they showed me the location and, of course, then having to do 	1.0	blep
42	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	4.0	blep
43	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	1.0	blep
44	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	3.0	blep
45	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	5.0	blep
46	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	indonesia delays execution of convicts including indian on death row jakarta, march 27 (afp) indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an indian on death row after five of them appealed to the supreme court for a second review, prosecutors said thursday. "if we execute them now we can't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted," said antasari azhar, spokesman for the attorney general's office. the supreme court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts. the sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review. president megawati sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution. five of them are indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an indian drug offender, ayodhya prasad chaubey. "we are talking about someone's life or death so we have to be very careful," azhar said. a convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the supreme court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court. apart from those convicted of murder, 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking -- 11 foreigners, four indonesians and a dutch citizen of chinese-indonesian origin. indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences, including death, for drug smugglers. narcotics abuse is an increasingly serious problem in the country. amnesty international has appealed to indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others, saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments. amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime. use of the death penalty is rare in indonesia, where the last execution was carried out in may 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989. it was the first execution for five years. a police firing squad enforces the penalty. 	3.0	blep
47	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	another story out of belgrade, violence at the highest form. the serbian prime minister, zoran djindjic has died of his wounds after being shot, an assassination attempt. apparently, he was on his way to greet reporters at the time outside the main government office there in belgrade. all this happening about 90 minutes ago based on the wire reports we're getting here. the word from serbia, zoran djindjic, the prime minister, is dead. earlier reports said he was shot in the back, as well as the stomach. 	3.0	blep
48	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	3.0	blep
49	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	german police say a teenage lebanese gunman, who hijacked a bus today, was hoping to free a key september 11th suspect. the gunman is accused of commandeering the bus in the north german city of bremen and holding 16 people hostage during a 75-mile police chase down the autobahn. negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners, including ramzi binalshibh, a september 11th suspect apprehended last year in pakistan. police captured the 17-year-old hijacking suspect without firing a shot. all hostages were released unharmed. 	1.0	blep
50	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	1.0	blep
51	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	1.0	blep
52	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	2.0	blep
53	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	null woodruff and, as we listened to john king's report, we can tell you that president bush has just -- his plane has just landed at andrews air force base, just close to the washington area, the president having flown back to the united states from that meeting in northern ireland in belfast with the british prime minister, tony blair. you just heard john reporting about it. they primarily talked about the war in iraq, the aftermath of iraq. but they also discussed the middle east and, as well, getting the northern ireland peace process started up again. it has been said that saddam hussein ruled iraq with an iron fist. i guess you can say in the past tense. his regime has left behind some disturbing evidence to support those claims. the abandoned secret police headquarters in basra is just one example. itn's bill neely is with the royal marines and he takes us on a tour of basra's chamber of horrors. (begin videotape) bill neely, itn reporter (voice-over) saddam hussein's iraq is a state of terror, and this is where it's planned and perpetrated, the headquarters of his secret police, this one in basra. no british soldier has been here yet. today, as i walked in, i met iraqis, none of whom had ever been inside willingly. what was to follow was a horrific education in terror and torture: in the smoking basement of the bombed building, a warren of cells. here, prisoners were tortured. unidentified male yes, of course. neely people died. unidentified male people died, people in prison without court, without trial. neely any people who saddam did not like. unidentified male of course. of course. neely (voice-over) the building is crumbling. down we went, further to cells that had no light, little air, cockroaches, filth, and, on the ground, a gas mask and bottles of chemicals. unidentified male you can imagine this every day, every month. so many people come here, but we don't know about them at all. neely these ordinary iraqis had been terrified to come here, until today, though one student on the left had been here before. unidentified male he was one of the prisoners here. (on camera): for how long? unidentified male eight years. unidentified male eight, nine, eight years. neely (voice-over) and his crime for eight years in jail? he prayed too much and was seen as a dangerous radical. (on camera): more cells. (voice-over): but the mukhabarat headquarters had more horrors to reveal. unidentified male and they tied their hands behind and hung them and hung them for many days. neely these men had relatives murdered here. so desperate are they to tell their story that they began reenacting what they and their brothers and friends have suffered. the hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only, another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture. saddam hussein controlled iraq through fear, torture and execution. and it happened here to tens of thousands of iraqis that saddam's secret police deemed dangerous. this man cowered for months, crammed with 300 mothers into a huge cell. hamid fatil (ph) may look like he's acting, but he was tortured here, along with his two brothers, who were executed. this man was here, too, with his brother. unidentified male they sentenced him to death. and they sent him to baghdad and killed. he was hanged there, hanged. unidentified male there's a prisoner under the name of ahmed adis aeid (ph). neely they kept records of prisoners, these and their fingerprints all that's left of them, apart from the photographs they took of exactly what they had done. (on camera): if there is an evil center to saddam hussein's regime, then it is surely here and in other places of torture. and there's plenty here that we simply cannot show you. in this block, it was men over here, hundreds of them, and women and children here. (voice-over): to call all this a chamber of horrors is a cliche. and this place is beyond cliche. the hundreds or thousands who died here who were given no trial, no voice, cry out. on the ground, i found a book called "the psychology of interrogation," as if the men who worked here for saddam needed a handbook. i was glad of the fresh air and glad to leave, glad i could. no one knows yet whether the new iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear, the horror of torture. bill neely, itv news, basra. (end videotape) woodruff unspeakable. journalists killed in the line of duty in baghdad -- how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be? our jeff greenfield examines that question when we come back. 	2.0	blep
54	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	1.0	blep
55	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	allies curt 2004-12-28t09:27:00 2slick pointed me to a article at in iraq for 365 . this is a great blog and i encourage you all to read it regularly. on sunday he wrote of two iraqi soldiers who didn't see us as conquerors but as allies when the mosul bombing occurred. the suicide bomb sprayed bb-like fragments throughout the marez dining facility. one piece of shrapnel sliced through the femoral artery of a u.s. soldier and his only chance for survival was in the hands of these two iraqis. recalling the medical classes they'd received from the special forces, the iraqis reacted calmly, fastening a belt above the wound, creating a tourniquet, which stopped the gushing stream of red. they moved the soldier to a medvac vehicle via two-man litter carry. after they hoisted the soldier in the truck, the two iraqis -- one an officer, the other an nco -- ran back to the facility and began treating the other wounded without regard for their safety. when the dust settled and the mess tent had been evacuated, everybody who could talk was questioned about their health. when the medics came to the two iraqis, the ing soldiers only wanted to know how everybody else was. when asked why did they do it, they simply stated, "this was our duty; we are a team, and we take care of each other." even the americans. no matter what the msm tries to tell you, there are iraqi's who will help the allies, who will fight alongside them and put their lives at risk to make sure democracy succeeds in their country. this brings to mind a speech prime minister tony blair gave recently while visiting iraq. when i meet the people working alongside the united nations--iraqis in fear of their life every day, because they are trying to bring freedom and democracy to their people--when i see their courage and their determination and know that they speak for the vast majority of people in iraq who want that democracy and freedom, then i know that we are doing the right thing. . . . and i will also say this to you: there are people dying in iraq, but the reason people are dying is because of the terrorism and the intimidation and the people who are deliberately killing anyone trying to make this country better. now what should our response be as an international community? our response should be to stand alongside the democrats--the people who've got the courage to see this thing through--and help them see it through. i've got no doubt at all that that is the right thing for us to do. . . . sometimes when i see some of the reporting of what's happening in iraq in the rest of the world, i just feel that people should understand how precious what has been created here is. and those people from that electoral commission that i described as the heroes of the new iraq--every day . . . a lot of them aren't living in the green zone, they've got to travel in from outside. they do not know at any point in time whether they're going to be subject to brutality or intimidation, even death, and yet they carry on doing it. now what a magnificent example of the human spirit--that's the side we should be on. 	3.0	blep
56	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	prompt 6. criminal trials/peterson scott peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty. there's been a lot of media coverage of the peterson trial. why do you think this trial has been so publicized? what other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention, and why? what's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall? winnette hi, this is winnette, in michigan. irvin hi this is irvin, sullivan, illinois. what's your name again? winnette winnette. with a ~w. irvin ~wynett? winnette ~innette. irvin ~wi -- okay. okay. you're in michigan, huh? winnette yeah? irvin all right. uh, what do you know about this scott -- peterson trial? i don't know much about it, to be honest with you. winnette oh this is funny because i just, one of my calls the other day was regarding this. irvin really? winnette so uh uh they're act- -- actually that's getting a few different questions and -- actually the gentleman i got the other day -- hadn't even heard about it. um, irvin oh really? winnette well um, i've been following it pretty closely. um, i guess because of -- you know it being a mother and -- being pregnant for a baby. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um, kind of hit more to -- i you know to home. um, so you -- how much of it have you followed? did, did you -- follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything? irvin hardly any of it at all, because -- um -- for one thing -- i do not have a ~tv or a radio and i don't get a daily newspaper. we get winnette oh wow. irvin we get a weekly newspaper. winnette okay. um, well i'll i don't get any newspapers at the house, but -- i listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and irvin oh yeah? winnette and uh -- when it first happened it was -- pretty publicized on every radio station um -- it come across -- on the news and we keep our ~tv on at my work, because we have a customer waiting area, so irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um actually one of our employees had wa- watched ((happening)) -- so from that point on we kind of -- talked a lot about it at work and irvin how long ago was it? winnette different things. um, it was a year -- almost a year ago. over a year ago? because it was just before christmas -- that it happened. irvin over a year ago. winnette yeah. um, i'm thinking -- i don't know, november, december, i'm not sure exactly. but i know it was just before christmas -- when they had uh -- it had happened, because she was missing during christmas and then they had found her body. and they -- they found the baby as well. irvin terrible. winnette um, so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery, or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse i guess irvin so the baby was separate. winnette maybe extracted it. um, actually she was pregnant for the baby. irvin but the baby was separate from the body when he found it? winnette yes. yep. um, i don't know if ma- i you know i don't know the whole story for sure, but -- um -- he had -- you know, obviously -- denied that he was involved anything to do with it. then they found out that he was having an affair on her. and -- then of course when they were investigating him -- he tried running. dyed his hair and -- grew out a mustache and -- they caught him trying to run with -- quite a bit of cash. irvin wow. winnette so i mean, irvin (()) winnette he's -- in all honesty been guilty all along the way but irvin uh-huh. winnette of course you know they've got to give him that reasonable doubt. irvin uh-huh. so is he is he still um -- in prison now? winnette yeah. and they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison. so that's what's is up in the air right now. irvin what state is this in? winnette california. irvin it's in california. winnette and -- um -- i know i had, it was supposed to have be deliberated on -- the twenty-second of november, but they had an issue happen with -- one of the jurors -- so it's postponed everything. but, actually they were trying to pass a law, and i don't know if it ever did take into effect, that if in fact a mother was killed, and pregnant, um -- for there to be a double murder charge. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette and -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges. irvin uh-huh. winnette and -- so it's kind of up in the air now -- because he -- i believe he got first degree murder and -- um and then got manslaughter on the baby. so he didn't get both first degree murders. irvin what's the difference? winnette where -- um, i guess because he didn't murder the baby directly. irvin oh. winnette i'm thinking maybe was the difference. and because of the the charge on the baby, they couldn't automatically give him the death penalty, but -- obviously there's enough -- um, complaints or whatever irvin what was his excuse for doing something horrible like that? winnette and -- well he still denies everything. he has never admitted irvin ((still does)) winnette to do it. um -- but the only thing they can figure is that maybe -- he wanted back into the bachelor life, and didn't want to be a father, didn't want to be tied down with a wife and child irvin so he didn't have any other children? winnette that was -- no, that was going to be their first. and actually i don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two. 	4.0	blep
57	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	worst neighbor in the world scott 2005-02-05t19:54:00 we've all lived next to some pretty undesirable people at one point or another, but i can't imagine anyone being worse than this. a colorado judge ordered two teen-age girls to pay about $900 for the distress a neighbor said they caused by giving her home-made cookies adorned with paper hearts. the pair were ordered to pay $871.70 plus $39 in court costs after neighbor wanita renea young, 49, filed a lawsuit complaining that the unsolicited cookies, left at her house after the girls knocked on her door, had triggered an anxiety attack that sent her to the hospital the next day. taylor ostergaard, then 17, and lindsey jo zellitte, 18, paid the judgment on thursday after a small claims court ruling by la plata county court judge doug walker, a court clerk said on friday. the girls baked cookies as a surprise for several of their rural colorado neighbors on july 31 and dropped off small batches on their porches, accompanied by red or pink paper hearts and the message: "have a great night." the denver post newspaper reported on friday that the girls had decided to stay home and bake the cookies rather than go to a dance where there might be cursing and drinking. zebra report has a picture of the good-intentioned girls. maybe delinquency does pay off better. 	1.0	blep
58	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	democrats finally getting it right on abortion? scott 2004-12-23t14:49:00 this is absolutely amazing news. finally, the democrats are finally realizing that the american people support the rights of unborn children and may soon revamp their platform to accommodate the morals and values that at least half of this country possesses. of course, i'm sure the democrats would also like to start winning elections again. from the los angeles times : after long defining itself as an undisputed defender of abortion rights, the democratic party is suddenly locked in an internal struggle over whether to redefine its position to appeal to a broader array of voters. the fight is a central theme of the contest to head the democratic national, particularly between two leading candidates: former vermont gov. howard dean, who supports abortion rights, and former indiana rep. tim roemer, an abortion foe who argues that the party cannot rebound from its losses in the november election unless it shows more tolerance on one of society's most emotional conflicts. no democrat with any respect for his unraveling party would ever mention howard dean's name again. the fact that he didn't win a single primary outside his home state shows that the country does not embrace his radical liberalism. of course outspoken organizations such as planned parenthood, which gives a lot of money to democrats, will fight with everything they've got to keep the democratic platform as liberal as possible. results from the last few elections suggest that wouldn't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in congress. 	1.0	blep
59	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	3.0	blep
60	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	prompt 5. death of arafat (1) controversial plo leader yasser arafat died in a paris hospital last week. do you think arafat's death will help or hurt the israeli-palestinian peace process? was arafat a good leader? what do you think us policy should be toward palestine now that arafat has died? what, if anything, should the us do to be involved in the middle east peace process? ali hi. mark i- -- my name is mark. ali my name is ali, uh, mark how you d- ali from pennsylvania. mark how you doing? ali i'm fine. how are you? mark good, good. not too bad. ali uh, so let me ask you, do you think arafat was, uh, a good leader or not? mark um, to hi- -- yeah, i- -- i think he did what he thought -- was right for his people. i- i- -- i would say he was a good leader -- for- -- for, uh, his people. and as far as our involvement there, should be as little as possible. just let them do -- what they, you know, what they're going to do -- and we should stay out of it ((just)) as -- much as we can. uh, this country seems to get involved too much in other people's politics. should just let them do whatever they're going to do, ali uh, mark you know. ali mm, by the way i am from arab origin, so i also have, uh, uh, the same opinion -- like you. i believe he -- -- in my opinion he- he was a good leader -- and, um, i believe what, eh, has to be done -- right now is to ((apply)) -- the united nations', uh, decisions about the conflict between arab and israel because there is -- -- there are a lot of, uh, decisions have been made -- have been made -- and this, uh- for example, one of them was, uh, decision number two forty-two -- and this was about -- the ha- establishing two- two countries, one for israel and another one for palestine. mark right. ali so, if we -- -- eh, if united states, bush, israel ((told)) th- the solution or to, uh, to make the decision, eh, i think this will solve -- the problem. the -- unfortunately what happens right now- -- the -- for example, which is -- little bit toward it's- it's interest. for example, when there was, uh, like, a -- decision against iraq, the united states -- went directly -- to iraq to -- -- for, eh, uh, an invasion -- and -- for -- whatever reasons- -- she even was out, uh, putting any attention to the united nations, uh, like, uh, approval. she did wha- what she want. but, eh, eh, for israeli, palestinian conflict there's a lot of decisions that has to be -- applied but until now -- she didn't put any pressure, eh, toward ((this and)) and i believe this policy has been, uh, this kind of policy, eh, um, eh, became more and more during -- eh, during, uh, eh, bush -- -- president bush time. for example, before, eh, during clinton, i believe at that time -- clinton was trying hard -- to solve this problem and i believe at that time, if you remember, um, yasser arafat -- and, uh, the prime minister of israel, his name was barak, they met together in the white house -- and -- they almost came to an agreement -- to solve this problem -- and during clinton, eh, period -- they had, uh, this ((oslo)) a- eh, agreement. most of the big problems between the two parties, they negotiated everything almost and there is -- there were, like, final steps that have to be solved. but, uh, i think if there was, like, the, um, the same policy has to be followed after clinton. i think -- everything would- -- -finished then- -- the -- i think united states -- went to another direction and, eh, they forgot about this problem right now. mark yeah, i g- eh, see, i don't, ali mark um, when- when policy is set by one -- -- by one president -- towards- towards one thing, it's usually -- followed through, if there is something to follow through, by the -- next president in turn. he is more or less obligated -- to continue, uh, the process that was already started -- but -- i think -- bush's -- agenda -- is not -- towards that right now. that is not his priority, i don't think. ali yeah, i think so, yes. mark and, eh, uh, although, you know, it's been a long time -- that -- i- they have both -- b- both israel and palestine, they both need a -- they both need their own country -- and- ali that's, uh, true because, uh, mark an- -- eh, y- ali in the united nations they have established -- eh, they made this decision already. mark r- right, right. ali the -- uh, there, uh -- there has to be two countries, one of them for palestine, mark right. ali and another one for israeli but, uh, mark i- i- i agree a hundred percent, uh, ali because, eh, i- mark eh, but to get so involved in it. i think, the people, uh, the people that are in charge, the- eh, the people that run the governments there -- do need to sit down an- and- and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that, that- ali which is played by u- united states. this is the mediator which, in my opinion, is the one mark r- ali who has the power to convince both -- parties -- about- mark right. right. um, i- -- they -- in -- ali mark it's a -- -- eh, that i- -- that is what is need and un- ali mark unfortunately they've been -- they've been trying to get this settled and hashed out for -- twenty-five, thirty years now. ali yeah. mark uh, ali yeah. mark i- it's been a long time in coming and anything that's good is worth waiting for, you know what i mean? eh, i mean, that's what i've always been told. and -- but- 	1.0	blep
61	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spy to help free private jessica lynch. * * lara hijacking in 1995 has been captured by u.s. forces in or near baghdad. this was the italian ship that was taken -- that was captured by palestinian terrorists back in 1985 and some may remember the story of leon clinghover, he was in a cheal chair and the terrorists shot him and pushed him over the side of the ship into the mediterranean where he obviously, died. this man, abu abbas has lived an i tin rant life, he's been in tunas. he's been in libya and he's been living under the protection of saddam hussein in baghdad, but he is wanted for murder in italy italy. there are charges, u.s. charges which have expired but could, i am told, possibly be re -- restarted for piracy, hostage taking and conspiracy. so this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date t. now look as if this man abu absaas in u.s. hands. miles? 	5.0	blep
62	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis sam sloan thu, 16 dec 2004 15:47:26 gmt turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis everyone has heard the story: beatriz marinello was elected uscf president on august 11, 2003 in los angeles. immediately after she took office, she found out that the uscf had no money in the bank, zero. the uscf did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded us open in los angeles. therefore, on august 20, 2003, bravely beatriz walked into the uscf offices in new windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members. john mccrary resigned from the board as a result. of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the uscf in 1999-2000. it took six weeks before the uscf paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the us open. i have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time. the uscf did not have zero money in the bank. it had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about. this was not due to any malfeasance. the office accountant for the uscf had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the us open into that account. nobody knew about that separate bank account, except for the accountant herself. when this was discovered, the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out. perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the uscf for scholastic tournaments. at scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid. however, in adult tournaments, the players expect to receive their prizes, and to receive them immediately. for this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the uscf, the accountant was immediately fired. had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away. perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them, but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly, in the same day. sam sloan stanb thu, 16 dec 2004 20:14:34 -0500 re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis bullcrap. he was embarassed by how niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus. he was asked to wait until after the la meeting was over before resigning. right, we shoulda pissed another 85,000 away before we stopped the red ink. parrthenon 17 dec 2004 02:29:13 gmt re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis frank niro thanks sam sloan in this message to the fide newsgroup: thu, 16 dec 2004 21:06:29 est frank niro comments on the aug 2003 so-called crisis yes, sam, you are correct. and i knew about it also. i also knew about the $100,000+ of audit adjustments (and non-adjustments) for inventory, unbilled advertising, newsstand sales, tournament revenues, pension &health insurance over-accruals, multi year membership revenue, etc. etc. that i was too sick to argue with linda and the auditors about. i knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004. and, of course, that is what happened. i just had no idea that the new board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff. not only was there adequate cash put aside, we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move. but i didn't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary. we also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in crossville. staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, miami, pbg, crossville or elsewhere. to make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for mccrary &camaratta's departures. when i offered to attend the board meeting in october 2003 to explain and clarify all this, i was told i was not welcome. i sat in new windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so i could answer eb questions and shed light on the situation. it is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to crossville, including (remarkably) the employee of the year! you can read all this in my book coming out next summer. thanks for seeing the truth for a change. best wishes to all, frank niro in a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 am eastern standard time, 	1.0	blep
63	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	lawyer reprimanded for chiluba's failure to appear in court lusaka, zambia (ap) the lawyer of former zambian president frederick chiluba was reprimanded by a lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges friday. chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court. chiluba's lawyer, chifumu banda, told the court he had advised chiluba not to appear in court friday, following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered. ``the matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here,'' said magistrate christopher shacifwa. he said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves. shacifwa ordered chiluba to appear in court on may 16. chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (us$3 million) in cash from the zambia national commercial bank in lusaka. he has denied the allegations. chiluba was zambia's first democratically elected president. he came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms. (str-sg-sv-dk) 	1.0	blep
64	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	1.0	blep
65	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	5,400 sailors and marines are back at home after serving in iraq. they're the crew of the "uss harry s. truman." they have reunited with their families and friends, at the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia. the "truman" is the first east coast-based carrier to return from the war. 	2.0	blep
66	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	spy to help free private jessica lynch. * * lara hijacking in 1995 has been captured by u.s. forces in or near baghdad. this was the italian ship that was taken -- that was captured by palestinian terrorists back in 1985 and some may remember the story of leon clinghover, he was in a cheal chair and the terrorists shot him and pushed him over the side of the ship into the mediterranean where he obviously, died. this man, abu abbas has lived an i tin rant life, he's been in tunas. he's been in libya and he's been living under the protection of saddam hussein in baghdad, but he is wanted for murder in italy italy. there are charges, u.s. charges which have expired but could, i am told, possibly be re -- restarted for piracy, hostage taking and conspiracy. so this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date t. now look as if this man abu absaas in u.s. hands. miles? 	4.0	blep
67	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	push to baghdad begins; pow safe in army's care woodruff as coalition forces push ahead in their march toward baghdad, they have encountered some resistance in the shiite holy city of karbala. but american troops and their superior technology have turned out to be a key factor in the fighting there. and to the south, british forces continue their attack on targets around basra. itn correspondent tim ewart reports. (begin videotape) tim ewart, itn correspondent these are soldiers of the u.s. 3rd infantry, fighting near karbala, southwest of baghdad. they are facing saddam hussein's republican guard, his finest soldiers. but for all the resistance, coalition aircraft rule the skies and coalition technology is overwhelmingly superior. u.s. commanders believe the republican guard is a doomed force. brig. gen. vincent brooks, u.s. central command we will approach baghdad. the dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime right now and will remain pointed at it until the regime is gone. ewart to the south, more black smoke over the town of basra. british troops control the outskirts of the town, and today destroyed another building they said housed iraqi fighters. there is much fear here of the saddam loyalists who still hold sway in basra and of the invading troops waiting at the gates. (on camera): the americans are racing towards baghdad, the british still seem anxious to make their progress here as measured as possible. basra will fall. but there may first be fighting in the capital, 250 miles to the north. tim ewart, itv news, southern iraq. (end videotape) woodruff from the south to the north in the rolling hills of northern iraq, coalition air strikes targeted iraqi positions today in what's been called a ferocious bombardment. it happened outside the oil-rich city of kirkuk. cnn's brent sadler is there. (begin videotape) brent sadler, cnn correspondent a back road leading to kirkuk, the heartland of northern iraq's oil wealth. a road that's now in the hands of iraqi kurdish forces. occupying these positions, strattled along a crescent-shaped front line east of kirkuk. this land fell into iraqi-kurdish hands without a shot being fired. iraqi soldiers fled these positions in a hurry, under the onslaught of coalition bombing. this is the end of the road for kurdish forces manning this remote checkpoint. but with special permission, they let us through. we are now between the lines, a no man's land of abandoned iraqi bunkers and an unnerving silence, broken by the roar of warplanes and the distant surge of air strikes. this territory is within easy artillery range of saddam hussein's forces and circling kirkuk. the oil capital of northern iraq is visible behind me, just over there, a harmless flare of burning gases is easily identifiable. iraq's precious oil field remain intact. also intact, kirkuk's defenses, in the distant haze. iraq's armed opposition, including these kurds, waits on the sidelines to join the fray, if america asks. prime minister barham saleh, kurdistan regional gov. this is about freedom for iraq. this is about the liberation of iraq, and we iraqis must shoulder the responsibility of helping in the process of liberation. sadler and, says the iraqi opposition, in winning this war. brent sadler, cnn, near kirkuk in northern iraq. (end videotape) 	5.0	blep
68	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	null woodruff and, as we listened to john king's report, we can tell you that president bush has just -- his plane has just landed at andrews air force base, just close to the washington area, the president having flown back to the united states from that meeting in northern ireland in belfast with the british prime minister, tony blair. you just heard john reporting about it. they primarily talked about the war in iraq, the aftermath of iraq. but they also discussed the middle east and, as well, getting the northern ireland peace process started up again. it has been said that saddam hussein ruled iraq with an iron fist. i guess you can say in the past tense. his regime has left behind some disturbing evidence to support those claims. the abandoned secret police headquarters in basra is just one example. itn's bill neely is with the royal marines and he takes us on a tour of basra's chamber of horrors. (begin videotape) bill neely, itn reporter (voice-over) saddam hussein's iraq is a state of terror, and this is where it's planned and perpetrated, the headquarters of his secret police, this one in basra. no british soldier has been here yet. today, as i walked in, i met iraqis, none of whom had ever been inside willingly. what was to follow was a horrific education in terror and torture: in the smoking basement of the bombed building, a warren of cells. here, prisoners were tortured. unidentified male yes, of course. neely people died. unidentified male people died, people in prison without court, without trial. neely any people who saddam did not like. unidentified male of course. of course. neely (voice-over) the building is crumbling. down we went, further to cells that had no light, little air, cockroaches, filth, and, on the ground, a gas mask and bottles of chemicals. unidentified male you can imagine this every day, every month. so many people come here, but we don't know about them at all. neely these ordinary iraqis had been terrified to come here, until today, though one student on the left had been here before. unidentified male he was one of the prisoners here. (on camera): for how long? unidentified male eight years. unidentified male eight, nine, eight years. neely (voice-over) and his crime for eight years in jail? he prayed too much and was seen as a dangerous radical. (on camera): more cells. (voice-over): but the mukhabarat headquarters had more horrors to reveal. unidentified male and they tied their hands behind and hung them and hung them for many days. neely these men had relatives murdered here. so desperate are they to tell their story that they began reenacting what they and their brothers and friends have suffered. the hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only, another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture. saddam hussein controlled iraq through fear, torture and execution. and it happened here to tens of thousands of iraqis that saddam's secret police deemed dangerous. this man cowered for months, crammed with 300 mothers into a huge cell. hamid fatil (ph) may look like he's acting, but he was tortured here, along with his two brothers, who were executed. this man was here, too, with his brother. unidentified male they sentenced him to death. and they sent him to baghdad and killed. he was hanged there, hanged. unidentified male there's a prisoner under the name of ahmed adis aeid (ph). neely they kept records of prisoners, these and their fingerprints all that's left of them, apart from the photographs they took of exactly what they had done. (on camera): if there is an evil center to saddam hussein's regime, then it is surely here and in other places of torture. and there's plenty here that we simply cannot show you. in this block, it was men over here, hundreds of them, and women and children here. (voice-over): to call all this a chamber of horrors is a cliche. and this place is beyond cliche. the hundreds or thousands who died here who were given no trial, no voice, cry out. on the ground, i found a book called "the psychology of interrogation," as if the men who worked here for saddam needed a handbook. i was glad of the fresh air and glad to leave, glad i could. no one knows yet whether the new iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear, the horror of torture. bill neely, itv news, basra. (end videotape) woodruff unspeakable. journalists killed in the line of duty in baghdad -- how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be? our jeff greenfield examines that question when we come back. 	2.0	blep
69	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	lynch travels back to u.s.; is life in iraq stabilizing?; is bush administration planning other regime changes? woodruff one of the toughest jobs in iraq right now is that of the military doctor. cnn medical correspondent, dr. sanjay gupta, has been traveling with the devil docs throughout the war and now they are close to baghdad. (begin videotape) sanjay gupta, cnn medical correspondent (voice-over) each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story. some we'll never know. for others, the stories can be seen in their injuries. nobody knows these stories better than the devil docs, naval corpsmen who never look the other way, but rather face what needs to be done without flinching. they are often the first faces the injured see, be they iraqi or coalition force members. even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets, the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here. the work of the devil docs is by no means over. the navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room, just on the outskirts of baghdad. this is the closest front line surgical company. corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent. it is there the doctors begin their work. over 45 minutes as we watched, 32 patients were delivered here, evaluated and nine operations started; 29 of those delivered, marines involved in a firefight in the center of baghdad. their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket-propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons. the operations are on their hands, abdomen and face. two of the marines, too far gone. for many of the survivors, that news is the most difficult to handle. along with the medical care, hands are held, spirits are lifted. dr. sanjay gupta, cnn with the devil docs outside baghdad. (end videotape) 	1.0	blep
70	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	in the nfl scott 2004-12-26t17:12:00 peyton manning broke dan marino's season touchdown record today with 49 against the san diego chargers in a thrilling game that ended in overtime. i was happy to see manning break the record, as last week he decided to take a knee to end the game against the baltimore ravens when he could have tried to increase the lead even more by throwing a touchdown. manning is all class and ranks with the best quarterbacks of all time. marino's 48 td record was set in 1984. on a much sadder note, the minister of defense, reggie white, died of heart attack this morning in his home at the age of 43. white played a total of 15 years with philadelphia, green bay and carolina. he retired after the 2000 season as the nfl's all-time leader in sacks with 198. the mark has since been passed by bruce smith. white will surely be missed. 	1.0	blep
71	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	1.0	blep
72	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	5.0	blep
73	breaking news out of long beach, a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year-old and a man with a gun, this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus. a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child. the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child. it was inside of the city bus. police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child. so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california. that one is over in long beach. 	france proposes suspending u.n. sanctions against iraq, a step toward u.s. goal united nations (ap) france on tuesday proposed immediately suspending u.n. sanctions targeting iraq civilians, an important step toward the u.s. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country's economy. the surprise move by france, which led opposition to the u.s. war against iraq, followed last week's call by u.s. president george w. bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction. france's u.n. ambassador, jean-marc de la sabliere, made the proposal at a security council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief u.n. weapons inspector hans blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues. the proposal would end the u.n. ban on trade and investment in iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place. the security council imposed sanctions after iraq's 1990 invasion of kuwait. under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until u.n. inspectors certify that iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them. along with france, russia, germany and china also strongly opposed the war. but de la sabliere said before the meeting that security council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.'' russian ambassador sergey lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' but he said russia wants u.n. inspectors to certify that iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under u.n. resolutions. asked about the french proposal, he said: ``we are ready to discuss it.'' at another closed-door council meeting later tuesday, the council was to hear from benon sevan, head of the u.n. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of iraq's 24 million people. france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first gulf war. ``there should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de la sabliere said. this is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against iraq. these include not only iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the u.n. role in iraq now that the fighting is over, control of iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts. blix stressed that council resolutions call for u.n. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in iraq. he said he told the council that he believes the world would like iraq's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years. the bush administration, which accused blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to iraq to search for illegal weapons. ``at the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming iraq,'' u.s. ambassador john negroponte, said tuesday when asked whether u.s. teams would work with u.n. inspectors. he said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.'' france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the american teams and the work of u.n. inspectors ``so that the iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.'' he told the associated press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. he also envisioned u.s. and u.n. inspectors working together. ``and then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate iraqi government is in place,'' he said. in an interview with bbc radio aired tuesday, blix said that before the war, the u.s. and britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove iraq had banned weapons. blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that u.s. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting iraq tried to buy uranium from the west african nation of niger. he told reporters at the united nations on tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.'' u.n. inspectors went back to iraq for the first time in four years in late november and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. secretary-general kofi annan ordered all u.n. international staff, including the inspectors, to leave iraq just before the war began on march 20. he has said he expects them to return. annan also said tuesday in austria that iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. he acknowledged that ``the u.n. is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the u.n. role in iraq in the ``not too distant future.'' 	2.0	blep
