pair_ID	sentence_A	sentence_B	relatedness_score	entailment_judgement
0	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	lynch travels back to u.s.; is life in iraq stabilizing?; is bush administration planning other regime changes? woodruff one of the toughest jobs in iraq right now is that of the military doctor. cnn medical correspondent, dr. sanjay gupta, has been traveling with the devil docs throughout the war and now they are close to baghdad. (begin videotape) sanjay gupta, cnn medical correspondent (voice-over) each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story. some we'll never know. for others, the stories can be seen in their injuries. nobody knows these stories better than the devil docs, naval corpsmen who never look the other way, but rather face what needs to be done without flinching. they are often the first faces the injured see, be they iraqi or coalition force members. even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets, the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here. the work of the devil docs is by no means over. the navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room, just on the outskirts of baghdad. this is the closest front line surgical company. corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent. it is there the doctors begin their work. over 45 minutes as we watched, 32 patients were delivered here, evaluated and nine operations started; 29 of those delivered, marines involved in a firefight in the center of baghdad. their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket-propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons. the operations are on their hands, abdomen and face. two of the marines, too far gone. for many of the survivors, that news is the most difficult to handle. along with the medical care, hands are held, spirits are lifted. dr. sanjay gupta, cnn with the devil docs outside baghdad. (end videotape) 	5.0	blep
1	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	it's with wednesday, march 5 200 3. i'm wolf blitzer in washington. is the u.s. going to war? if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now. america's top diplomat laid out the case for war. secretary of state colin powell acted like a prosecutor, pointing out iraq's failures. over at the pentagon, the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president's order, but there is major opposition today, france, germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s.'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states. even the vatican voiced concerns today. later this hour i'll speak exclusively to cardinal pio laghi, the man dismatched by pope john paul ii to persuade president bush to avoid war, but we begin with reports from the united nations, the pentagon and the white house. first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war. chris? 	3.0	blep
2	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	5,400 sailors and marines are back at home after serving in iraq. they're the crew of the "uss harry s. truman." they have reunited with their families and friends, at the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia. the "truman" is the first east coast-based carrier to return from the war. 	2.0	blep
3	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	it's with wednesday, march 5 200 3. i'm wolf blitzer in washington. is the u.s. going to war? if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now. america's top diplomat laid out the case for war. secretary of state colin powell acted like a prosecutor, pointing out iraq's failures. over at the pentagon, the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president's order, but there is major opposition today, france, germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s.'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states. even the vatican voiced concerns today. later this hour i'll speak exclusively to cardinal pio laghi, the man dismatched by pope john paul ii to persuade president bush to avoid war, but we begin with reports from the united nations, the pentagon and the white house. first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war. chris? 	2.0	blep
4	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	shiites openly mark mohammed's birthday in iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (pictures) = baghdad, may 19 (afp) shiite muslims in iraq monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades prophet mohammed's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine us efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country. meanwhile coalition officials in iraq insisted plans for an iraqi government were still on track and russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a un draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on iraq. thousands of iraq's majority shiite muslims marched to their main mosque in baghdad to mark the birthday of islam's founder prophet mohammed. shiites, who celebrate the birthday a week later than sunni muslims, were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of saddam hussein's sunni-dominated regime. the crowd filled the street leading to the kazimiya mosque in the northeast of baghdad and carried banners in the green color of islam, calling for good government. "no to injustice," "no to occupation," "no to israel," "yes to islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform. imam mohammad al-fartussi, who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women, alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of saddam and called iraq "the land of imams... land of islam." the demonstration came as iraq's top us overseer paul bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country. in his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with saddam hussein's regime nearly six weeks ago. but despite issuing a host of tough decrees, bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country. despite a security crackdown over the weekend in baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence. in baghdad, almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since us troops took control of the capital on april 9. only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. baghdad's top police job remains vacant. and a trip to baghdad's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post-saddam era. packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of saddam's regime, the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons. jalal jamil, a 45-year-old jewellery store owner, said the situation just keeps getting worse. "the americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said. bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier us timeline on forming a government in iraq, but us-led coalition officials monday insisted government plans were still on track. "we want to have an iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the organisation of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance (orha), which is administering post-war iraq. officials from iraqi groups that met with bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks. "we understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them: 'you won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government," the source said. "'of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said. "the last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said. the comments came on the same day that a prominent iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in iraq. adnan pachachi, a onetime foreign minister who returned to iraq on may 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent az-zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision. an interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly, that would draw up a constitution, pachachi said. a referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government, the 80-year-old pachachi told the daily. on the diplomatic front, a top russian official said monday that the un security council would likely vote this week on a us-british draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on iraq in 1990 after its invasion of kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year. "an updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," deputy foreign minister yury fedotov told itar-tass news agency. yet fedotov did not say whether russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the united states, britain and spain first submitted it more than a week ago. russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said. with billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in iraq, russia has been anxious to secure un involvement before supporting the resolution. australia announced the creation monday of an expert panel to help iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts. 	1.0	blep
5	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	3.0	blep
6	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	1.0	blep
7	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	5.0	blep
8	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	shiites openly mark mohammed's birthday in iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (pictures) = baghdad, may 19 (afp) shiite muslims in iraq monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades prophet mohammed's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine us efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country. meanwhile coalition officials in iraq insisted plans for an iraqi government were still on track and russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a un draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on iraq. thousands of iraq's majority shiite muslims marched to their main mosque in baghdad to mark the birthday of islam's founder prophet mohammed. shiites, who celebrate the birthday a week later than sunni muslims, were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of saddam hussein's sunni-dominated regime. the crowd filled the street leading to the kazimiya mosque in the northeast of baghdad and carried banners in the green color of islam, calling for good government. "no to injustice," "no to occupation," "no to israel," "yes to islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform. imam mohammad al-fartussi, who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women, alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of saddam and called iraq "the land of imams... land of islam." the demonstration came as iraq's top us overseer paul bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country. in his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with saddam hussein's regime nearly six weeks ago. but despite issuing a host of tough decrees, bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country. despite a security crackdown over the weekend in baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence. in baghdad, almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since us troops took control of the capital on april 9. only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. baghdad's top police job remains vacant. and a trip to baghdad's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post-saddam era. packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of saddam's regime, the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons. jalal jamil, a 45-year-old jewellery store owner, said the situation just keeps getting worse. "the americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said. bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier us timeline on forming a government in iraq, but us-led coalition officials monday insisted government plans were still on track. "we want to have an iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the organisation of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance (orha), which is administering post-war iraq. officials from iraqi groups that met with bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks. "we understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them: 'you won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government," the source said. "'of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said. "the last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said. the comments came on the same day that a prominent iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in iraq. adnan pachachi, a onetime foreign minister who returned to iraq on may 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent az-zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision. an interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly, that would draw up a constitution, pachachi said. a referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government, the 80-year-old pachachi told the daily. on the diplomatic front, a top russian official said monday that the un security council would likely vote this week on a us-british draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on iraq in 1990 after its invasion of kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year. "an updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," deputy foreign minister yury fedotov told itar-tass news agency. yet fedotov did not say whether russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the united states, britain and spain first submitted it more than a week ago. russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said. with billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in iraq, russia has been anxious to secure un involvement before supporting the resolution. australia announced the creation monday of an expert panel to help iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts. 	1.0	blep
9	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	worst neighbor in the world scott 2005-02-05t19:54:00 we've all lived next to some pretty undesirable people at one point or another, but i can't imagine anyone being worse than this. a colorado judge ordered two teen-age girls to pay about $900 for the distress a neighbor said they caused by giving her home-made cookies adorned with paper hearts. the pair were ordered to pay $871.70 plus $39 in court costs after neighbor wanita renea young, 49, filed a lawsuit complaining that the unsolicited cookies, left at her house after the girls knocked on her door, had triggered an anxiety attack that sent her to the hospital the next day. taylor ostergaard, then 17, and lindsey jo zellitte, 18, paid the judgment on thursday after a small claims court ruling by la plata county court judge doug walker, a court clerk said on friday. the girls baked cookies as a surprise for several of their rural colorado neighbors on july 31 and dropped off small batches on their porches, accompanied by red or pink paper hearts and the message: "have a great night." the denver post newspaper reported on friday that the girls had decided to stay home and bake the cookies rather than go to a dance where there might be cursing and drinking. zebra report has a picture of the good-intentioned girls. maybe delinquency does pay off better. 	2.0	blep
10	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	1.0	blep
11	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 3. bush cabinet president bush has just been elected to another term in office, and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like colin powell and john ashcroft resign. who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term? who are they, and why do you think they should be appointed? if you were president, which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why? what new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them? a um -- and then i i don't -- know who would you who else would you -- well what about ruly -- rudolph giuliani b well. i don't know. i you know what? i think -- i think rudy giuliani was a great mayor -- for nine eleven. a right. b i don't think he was a great mayor the whole time he was a mayor. a well, i i'm a new yorker, and i got to tell you that i i think nine eleven i i think -- basically made him. other than that, i think he was a little too decisive. b yeah. a uh not i shouldn't say decisive, too divisive. b yeah, i think he a as far as -- the race relationship in this city. you know, it doesn't take much to to please -- the other side. and that and that's what government is all about. b no, it doesn't. a and he -- he wasn't -- he wasn't too much of a good uh b he he would've gone out as a mediocre mayor had it not. and i but even even saying that i can't begrudge him. but he did a great job in the crisis. some people do better in crises. a yeah. exactly. exactly, exactly, i i think that nine eleven made him and b yeah. a and at that point in time, he wanted to stay on, which was sort of sort of ridiculous. b and if if if i don't think the rest of the country knows that, because they don't know what he did before nine eleven, because they don't pay any attention. a eh -- exactly. exactly, of course, you're right, you're quite right. b and -- i think that if he did get a government agency, it would have to be one that was having crisis a lot of times i mean, he would just have to devote himself to that. if he could just do that, it would be fine. a it's a good point. b but if he gets if gets into a lot of policy making and stuff that for other things, you know, a yeah, yeah. yeah, i i i i know i one of the b i don't know. probably would be a good attorney general, he did that a it could very well, he did a good job, you're right, he probably could follow in what's his name's footsteps. b you know. i think i think the cases that he picks and chooses probably i wouldn't necessarily put on top of the list, but he did seem to a right. b prosecute everybody evenly. a yeah. that much i think we can we can probably agree with. he will probably do that evenly. b yes. right. a i you know who i thought would have made a great, uh well i i know you guys had your own political uh struggles in jersey. b right. yeah. a um and uh b it's a soap opera. a oh it certainly was, i i saw the footage. i b right, right, all of a sudden. i'll tell you this. within one day, everybody i met said -- oh, mcgreevey, sure, i knew that. a oh really? b that became the national thing to say in jersey, and in jersey. like, everybody knew it, i'd be like, you did not. nobody knew that. a in jersey? yeah i think i was -- i think i was -- i was on a cruise, and i put on the television uh when i got in at the six oh clock news, and bingo, there he is, uh resigning as governor of uh new jersey. i said, you've got to be kidding me. b yeah. a but uh -- i thought he would have made a name for himself. um -- i i can't think of anyone anyone that anyone else out there that um -- that warrants. i mean, you know, you just b no. a pick people who i think will uh -- have the experience in government. well not in, not in government, but in the private sector. um -- who are responsible, and um -- put them in a position to lead. b well, yeah, i think uh -- apparently -- the president likes people that are the same philo- -- political philosophy as him, and i'm not sure i mean i think he just needs some other voices in there, but a that's right. b i don't know if it'll happen. it's a that's a good point. well, i b or not. he he needs some liberals in there and he needs some -- ralph nader people, and some green party people, and some, just some. a well i i think more conservative, what do you call them? conservative uh -- um -- um what do you call them? uh conservative uh -- more -- oh bloody he- b ideologues? a i yeah well i guess you could look at it that way, yeah. b eh a um. um. i didn't particularly like the the tone about the the religious uh -- side of -- the that election. i i thought that was a little crazy. b yeah, i think pretty wack. a if it's one thing we need to be careful about, it's separating the church from b exactly, i'm a pastor, and that bothers me. a and -- uh -- yeah. oh i i'm glad to hear some uh an actual pastor who says that. i i i think that we need to make sure that that that b yeah. a that stays the way it is. i think it serves everyone well. b well, for one thing, it it ends up as the uh -- government officials are those seeking office, and uh -- preaching and teaching to people, and that's my job. a right. i agree. b that's what i do. you mind your stuff, i'll tell my people what we're doing. 	1.0	blep
12	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	"vanity fair's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california. good to have you with us. thanks for having me. your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime. give us your insights as to what you think the future holds. do you mean if i start with the past? not at you will. not at all i. not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon. maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds, removing the regime. absolutely. we'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument. as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states, again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly. still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members. mr. cheney's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein. of course, mr. cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and -- many others. when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated. yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community, lawyers, human rights activists, civilians, intellectuals, people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights. mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to 	1.0	blep
13	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	1.0	blep
14	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	5,400 sailors and marines are back at home after serving in iraq. they're the crew of the "uss harry s. truman." they have reunited with their families and friends, at the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia. the "truman" is the first east coast-based carrier to return from the war. 	2.0	blep
15	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	it's with wednesday, march 5 200 3. i'm wolf blitzer in washington. is the u.s. going to war? if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now. america's top diplomat laid out the case for war. secretary of state colin powell acted like a prosecutor, pointing out iraq's failures. over at the pentagon, the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president's order, but there is major opposition today, france, germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s.'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states. even the vatican voiced concerns today. later this hour i'll speak exclusively to cardinal pio laghi, the man dismatched by pope john paul ii to persuade president bush to avoid war, but we begin with reports from the united nations, the pentagon and the white house. first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war. chris? 	2.0	blep
16	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	"vanity fair's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california. good to have you with us. thanks for having me. your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime. give us your insights as to what you think the future holds. do you mean if i start with the past? not at you will. not at all i. not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon. maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds, removing the regime. absolutely. we'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument. as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states, again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly. still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members. mr. cheney's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein. of course, mr. cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and -- many others. when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated. yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community, lawyers, human rights activists, civilians, intellectuals, people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights. mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to 	1.0	blep
17	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	the draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in maryland is finished. up next for investigators, to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside fredrick, not far from washington, d.c. it's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed. 	1.0	blep
18	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	democrats finally getting it right on abortion? scott 2004-12-23t14:49:00 this is absolutely amazing news. finally, the democrats are finally realizing that the american people support the rights of unborn children and may soon revamp their platform to accommodate the morals and values that at least half of this country possesses. of course, i'm sure the democrats would also like to start winning elections again. from the los angeles times : after long defining itself as an undisputed defender of abortion rights, the democratic party is suddenly locked in an internal struggle over whether to redefine its position to appeal to a broader array of voters. the fight is a central theme of the contest to head the democratic national, particularly between two leading candidates: former vermont gov. howard dean, who supports abortion rights, and former indiana rep. tim roemer, an abortion foe who argues that the party cannot rebound from its losses in the november election unless it shows more tolerance on one of society's most emotional conflicts. no democrat with any respect for his unraveling party would ever mention howard dean's name again. the fact that he didn't win a single primary outside his home state shows that the country does not embrace his radical liberalism. of course outspoken organizations such as planned parenthood, which gives a lot of money to democrats, will fight with everything they've got to keep the democratic platform as liberal as possible. results from the last few elections suggest that wouldn't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in congress. 	1.0	blep
19	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	also ahead, the anatomy of a rescue, just a couple of hours ago, rescued p.o.w. jessica lynch arrived at the ramstein air base in germany for medical treatment. a little later we'll speak with her family and talk a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery, but first the push into baghdad. coalition field commanders say u.s. troops are now within 15 miles of the iraqi capital. they say their forces today with the iraqi republican guard units as part of a protwo-pronged advance on the city. u.s. troops could be in baghdad southern outskirts by early thursday. however, the pentagon is down playing the idea that an invasion of baghdad is imminent. for the second straight day, iraqi television meanwhile has broadcast a statement from the iraqi president saddam hussein. however, despite the appearance of saddam hussein in and what was said to be new fattage, the statement itself was read by an iraqi news anchor wearing a military uniform. u.s. officials say they aren't sure whether the iraqi president is still alive. regardless, the statement praised iraqis who have fought coalition forces. it was said to be saddam hussein's response to a letter from his niece. 	2.0	blep
20	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	not wise to attack floridians scott 2005-02-24t12:07:00 from the st. pete times : some florida legislators want to give people the right to shoot an attacker in a public place. a house committee voted wednesday to allow people to shoot to kill in self-defense if they are attacked "in any other place where he or she has a right to be." sponsored by rep. dennis baxley, an ocala republican, the bill (hb 249) passed 13-0. state law defines deadly force as that which is likely to cause "death or great bodily harm," such as firing a gun at a person or a vehicle. florida courts consider deadly force a last resort and have held that a person being attacked has the "duty to use every reasonable means to avoid the danger, including retreat, prior to using deadly force." but this legislation says a person who is under attack in a public place "has no duty to retreat." "law-abiding people should not be told that if they are attacked, they should turn around and run," nra lobbyist marion hammer told lawmakers. "this bill gives back rights that have been eroded and taken away by a judicial system that at times appears to give preferential treatment to criminals." baxley held up a stack of more than 800 e-mails from floridians who he said have written him to support the bill. he said 62 house members, a majority, have endorsed his bill, and supporters include attorney general charlie crist and groups representing florida sheriffs, police chiefs and police officers. rep. jeff kottkamp, r-cape coral, said the bill reminded him of a sign he saw on a constituent's house while campaigning door-to-door. kottkamp said the sign, next to a doorbell, showed a smoking .44-magnum handgun and the words: "we don't dial 911." this is great news for florida gun carriers because now to defend yourself you don't have to first make sure a "duty to retreat" is impossible. currently, if one's life is threatened he/she must make sure it is impossible to escape before using deadly force on an attacker. 	1.0	blep
21	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	4.0	blep
22	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	france proposes suspending u.n. sanctions against iraq, a step toward u.s. goal united nations (ap) france on tuesday proposed immediately suspending u.n. sanctions targeting iraq civilians, an important step toward the u.s. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country's economy. the surprise move by france, which led opposition to the u.s. war against iraq, followed last week's call by u.s. president george w. bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction. france's u.n. ambassador, jean-marc de la sabliere, made the proposal at a security council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief u.n. weapons inspector hans blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues. the proposal would end the u.n. ban on trade and investment in iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place. the security council imposed sanctions after iraq's 1990 invasion of kuwait. under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until u.n. inspectors certify that iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them. along with france, russia, germany and china also strongly opposed the war. but de la sabliere said before the meeting that security council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.'' russian ambassador sergey lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' but he said russia wants u.n. inspectors to certify that iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under u.n. resolutions. asked about the french proposal, he said: ``we are ready to discuss it.'' at another closed-door council meeting later tuesday, the council was to hear from benon sevan, head of the u.n. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of iraq's 24 million people. france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first gulf war. ``there should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de la sabliere said. this is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against iraq. these include not only iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the u.n. role in iraq now that the fighting is over, control of iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts. blix stressed that council resolutions call for u.n. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in iraq. he said he told the council that he believes the world would like iraq's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years. the bush administration, which accused blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to iraq to search for illegal weapons. ``at the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming iraq,'' u.s. ambassador john negroponte, said tuesday when asked whether u.s. teams would work with u.n. inspectors. he said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.'' france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the american teams and the work of u.n. inspectors ``so that the iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.'' he told the associated press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. he also envisioned u.s. and u.n. inspectors working together. ``and then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate iraqi government is in place,'' he said. in an interview with bbc radio aired tuesday, blix said that before the war, the u.s. and britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove iraq had banned weapons. blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that u.s. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting iraq tried to buy uranium from the west african nation of niger. he told reporters at the united nations on tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.'' u.n. inspectors went back to iraq for the first time in four years in late november and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. secretary-general kofi annan ordered all u.n. international staff, including the inspectors, to leave iraq just before the war began on march 20. he has said he expects them to return. annan also said tuesday in austria that iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. he acknowledged that ``the u.n. is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the u.n. role in iraq in the ``not too distant future.'' 	1.0	blep
23	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	4.0	blep
24	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	do people never learn from the mistakes of others? mark backer 2004-11-17t11:07:00 for those of you not from around these parts, linda schrenko was the state of georgia's superintendant of schools. it seems that in recent years, instead of doing the people's business, good ole linda has spent her time stealing over 600 grand in federal education funds. she used it for various things, but the favorite is the nine grand she spent on a facelift. here's a link to the story: link one thing that made me laugh is that she showed up at her indictment in a fur coat. ummm, am i the only one that learned anything from the michael irvin drug trial of the mid 90's? you never ever show up at court, especially facing indictment for stealing large sums of money, wearing a fucking fur coat!! fake or not, you look like you're rubbing the common man's nose in it. schrenko is a scumbag and, although she won't get any actual jail time, i hope the fine she pleads to is at least as much as what she stole. otherwise, she's learned nothing. remember when michael milken got busted, he was not forced to give up his secret accounts, and when the fine of 600 million was levied...he paid it!! hell, at his zenith, that's what he made in one year!! "um...how much, your honor? 600 large? yeah, lemme just get my checkbook out of my diamond encrusted briefcase." schrenko stole 20 times what martha stewart did, and i bet she won't see the wrong side of a jail cell door, and that's sad. because it's people like schrenko for which jails were specifically designed... 	1.0	blep
25	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	as we told you at the top of this newscast, an oklahoma judge has ruled that terry nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first-degree murder. the oklahoma city bombing conspirator is already serving a life term in federal prison. state proceedings could bring the death penalty if nichols is convicted. a trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence. a texas woman is in jail this morning accused of killing her two sons and severely beating another the day before mother's day. yesterday a silent dee ana laney waited as the judge read the charges against her. capital murder and aggravated assault. one of the first people to arrive at the crime scene. judge james marin. thanks very much. why were you there so quickly? i wasn't really there that quickly. i actually responded a few hours after the sheriff's department did. the reason you went was? well, being the justice of the peace we are the ones that hold the inquest on the death and they were required to call us to the scene. what did you see when you got there? well, to be honest with you, i saw a pretty gruesome sight and i think it's been talked about quite a bit the last few days and if anybody didn't have to be there to see it, they were lucky not to have to be there. it was a horrific sight, you don't have to go into details, obviously, we can only imagine how bad it might have been. it probably was, indeed, based on your eyewitness accounts. what happened? they were collecting evidence as you were there, the law enforcement authorities? they had been collecting their evidence and, of course, when i got there they showed me the location and, of course, then having to do 	3.0	blep
26	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	1.0	blep
27	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	also ahead, the anatomy of a rescue, just a couple of hours ago, rescued p.o.w. jessica lynch arrived at the ramstein air base in germany for medical treatment. a little later we'll speak with her family and talk a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery, but first the push into baghdad. coalition field commanders say u.s. troops are now within 15 miles of the iraqi capital. they say their forces today with the iraqi republican guard units as part of a protwo-pronged advance on the city. u.s. troops could be in baghdad southern outskirts by early thursday. however, the pentagon is down playing the idea that an invasion of baghdad is imminent. for the second straight day, iraqi television meanwhile has broadcast a statement from the iraqi president saddam hussein. however, despite the appearance of saddam hussein in and what was said to be new fattage, the statement itself was read by an iraqi news anchor wearing a military uniform. u.s. officials say they aren't sure whether the iraqi president is still alive. regardless, the statement praised iraqis who have fought coalition forces. it was said to be saddam hussein's response to a letter from his niece. 	4.0	blep
28	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis sam sloan thu, 16 dec 2004 15:47:26 gmt turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis everyone has heard the story: beatriz marinello was elected uscf president on august 11, 2003 in los angeles. immediately after she took office, she found out that the uscf had no money in the bank, zero. the uscf did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded us open in los angeles. therefore, on august 20, 2003, bravely beatriz walked into the uscf offices in new windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members. john mccrary resigned from the board as a result. of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the uscf in 1999-2000. it took six weeks before the uscf paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the us open. i have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time. the uscf did not have zero money in the bank. it had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about. this was not due to any malfeasance. the office accountant for the uscf had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the us open into that account. nobody knew about that separate bank account, except for the accountant herself. when this was discovered, the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out. perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the uscf for scholastic tournaments. at scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid. however, in adult tournaments, the players expect to receive their prizes, and to receive them immediately. for this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the uscf, the accountant was immediately fired. had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away. perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them, but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly, in the same day. sam sloan stanb thu, 16 dec 2004 20:14:34 -0500 re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis bullcrap. he was embarassed by how niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus. he was asked to wait until after the la meeting was over before resigning. right, we shoulda pissed another 85,000 away before we stopped the red ink. parrthenon 17 dec 2004 02:29:13 gmt re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis frank niro thanks sam sloan in this message to the fide newsgroup: thu, 16 dec 2004 21:06:29 est frank niro comments on the aug 2003 so-called crisis yes, sam, you are correct. and i knew about it also. i also knew about the $100,000+ of audit adjustments (and non-adjustments) for inventory, unbilled advertising, newsstand sales, tournament revenues, pension &health insurance over-accruals, multi year membership revenue, etc. etc. that i was too sick to argue with linda and the auditors about. i knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004. and, of course, that is what happened. i just had no idea that the new board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff. not only was there adequate cash put aside, we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move. but i didn't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary. we also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in crossville. staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, miami, pbg, crossville or elsewhere. to make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for mccrary &camaratta's departures. when i offered to attend the board meeting in october 2003 to explain and clarify all this, i was told i was not welcome. i sat in new windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so i could answer eb questions and shed light on the situation. it is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to crossville, including (remarkably) the employee of the year! you can read all this in my book coming out next summer. thanks for seeing the truth for a change. best wishes to all, frank niro in a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 am eastern standard time, 	1.0	blep
29	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham, press officer with the mercy side police. it's come to stealing childrens books, is it? i think these are profitable childrens book. so very popular. i think that people think they probably are lucrative for them. as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted. is that why you think they were stolen, sale before the deadline or after? i think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books. but i know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them. i think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days. we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them. considering how much publicity was circulating about this book, there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot. what kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books? the books were stolen from a warehouse, they have their own security measures. they did have their ccpb operational, we are looking at that to see if 	1.0	blep
30	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis sam sloan thu, 16 dec 2004 15:47:26 gmt turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis everyone has heard the story: beatriz marinello was elected uscf president on august 11, 2003 in los angeles. immediately after she took office, she found out that the uscf had no money in the bank, zero. the uscf did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded us open in los angeles. therefore, on august 20, 2003, bravely beatriz walked into the uscf offices in new windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members. john mccrary resigned from the board as a result. of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the uscf in 1999-2000. it took six weeks before the uscf paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the us open. i have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time. the uscf did not have zero money in the bank. it had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about. this was not due to any malfeasance. the office accountant for the uscf had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the us open into that account. nobody knew about that separate bank account, except for the accountant herself. when this was discovered, the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out. perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the uscf for scholastic tournaments. at scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid. however, in adult tournaments, the players expect to receive their prizes, and to receive them immediately. for this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the uscf, the accountant was immediately fired. had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away. perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them, but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly, in the same day. sam sloan stanb thu, 16 dec 2004 20:14:34 -0500 re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis bullcrap. he was embarassed by how niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus. he was asked to wait until after the la meeting was over before resigning. right, we shoulda pissed another 85,000 away before we stopped the red ink. parrthenon 17 dec 2004 02:29:13 gmt re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis frank niro thanks sam sloan in this message to the fide newsgroup: thu, 16 dec 2004 21:06:29 est frank niro comments on the aug 2003 so-called crisis yes, sam, you are correct. and i knew about it also. i also knew about the $100,000+ of audit adjustments (and non-adjustments) for inventory, unbilled advertising, newsstand sales, tournament revenues, pension &health insurance over-accruals, multi year membership revenue, etc. etc. that i was too sick to argue with linda and the auditors about. i knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004. and, of course, that is what happened. i just had no idea that the new board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff. not only was there adequate cash put aside, we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move. but i didn't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary. we also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in crossville. staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, miami, pbg, crossville or elsewhere. to make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for mccrary &camaratta's departures. when i offered to attend the board meeting in october 2003 to explain and clarify all this, i was told i was not welcome. i sat in new windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so i could answer eb questions and shed light on the situation. it is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to crossville, including (remarkably) the employee of the year! you can read all this in my book coming out next summer. thanks for seeing the truth for a change. best wishes to all, frank niro in a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 am eastern standard time, 	1.0	blep
31	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	well, sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the catholic church in the united states and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in st. louis for their semiannual meeting. under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops, diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities. past, present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry. no priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another desies. with me now to talk more about the o'brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are barbara blain, the founder of the survivors network in st. louis and also joining us from detroit joe mayor, the founder of a priest support group. barbara, to you first. as the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow, are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue? 	1.0	blep
32	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	lynch travels back to u.s.; is life in iraq stabilizing?; is bush administration planning other regime changes? woodruff one of the toughest jobs in iraq right now is that of the military doctor. cnn medical correspondent, dr. sanjay gupta, has been traveling with the devil docs throughout the war and now they are close to baghdad. (begin videotape) sanjay gupta, cnn medical correspondent (voice-over) each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story. some we'll never know. for others, the stories can be seen in their injuries. nobody knows these stories better than the devil docs, naval corpsmen who never look the other way, but rather face what needs to be done without flinching. they are often the first faces the injured see, be they iraqi or coalition force members. even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets, the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here. the work of the devil docs is by no means over. the navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room, just on the outskirts of baghdad. this is the closest front line surgical company. corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent. it is there the doctors begin their work. over 45 minutes as we watched, 32 patients were delivered here, evaluated and nine operations started; 29 of those delivered, marines involved in a firefight in the center of baghdad. their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket-propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons. the operations are on their hands, abdomen and face. two of the marines, too far gone. for many of the survivors, that news is the most difficult to handle. along with the medical care, hands are held, spirits are lifted. dr. sanjay gupta, cnn with the devil docs outside baghdad. (end videotape) 	1.0	blep
33	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	indonesia delays execution of convicts including indian on death row jakarta, march 27 (afp) indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an indian on death row after five of them appealed to the supreme court for a second review, prosecutors said thursday. "if we execute them now we can't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted," said antasari azhar, spokesman for the attorney general's office. the supreme court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts. the sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review. president megawati sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution. five of them are indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an indian drug offender, ayodhya prasad chaubey. "we are talking about someone's life or death so we have to be very careful," azhar said. a convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the supreme court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court. apart from those convicted of murder, 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking -- 11 foreigners, four indonesians and a dutch citizen of chinese-indonesian origin. indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences, including death, for drug smugglers. narcotics abuse is an increasingly serious problem in the country. amnesty international has appealed to indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others, saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments. amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime. use of the death penalty is rare in indonesia, where the last execution was carried out in may 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989. it was the first execution for five years. a police firing squad enforces the penalty. 	4.0	blep
34	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 6. criminal trials/peterson scott peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty. there's been a lot of media coverage of the peterson trial. why do you think this trial has been so publicized? what other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention, and why? what's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall? winnette hi, this is winnette, in michigan. irvin hi this is irvin, sullivan, illinois. what's your name again? winnette winnette. with a ~w. irvin ~wynett? winnette ~innette. irvin ~wi -- okay. okay. you're in michigan, huh? winnette yeah? irvin all right. uh, what do you know about this scott -- peterson trial? i don't know much about it, to be honest with you. winnette oh this is funny because i just, one of my calls the other day was regarding this. irvin really? winnette so uh uh they're act- -- actually that's getting a few different questions and -- actually the gentleman i got the other day -- hadn't even heard about it. um, irvin oh really? winnette well um, i've been following it pretty closely. um, i guess because of -- you know it being a mother and -- being pregnant for a baby. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um, kind of hit more to -- i you know to home. um, so you -- how much of it have you followed? did, did you -- follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything? irvin hardly any of it at all, because -- um -- for one thing -- i do not have a ~tv or a radio and i don't get a daily newspaper. we get winnette oh wow. irvin we get a weekly newspaper. winnette okay. um, well i'll i don't get any newspapers at the house, but -- i listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and irvin oh yeah? winnette and uh -- when it first happened it was -- pretty publicized on every radio station um -- it come across -- on the news and we keep our ~tv on at my work, because we have a customer waiting area, so irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um actually one of our employees had wa- watched ((happening)) -- so from that point on we kind of -- talked a lot about it at work and irvin how long ago was it? winnette different things. um, it was a year -- almost a year ago. over a year ago? because it was just before christmas -- that it happened. irvin over a year ago. winnette yeah. um, i'm thinking -- i don't know, november, december, i'm not sure exactly. but i know it was just before christmas -- when they had uh -- it had happened, because she was missing during christmas and then they had found her body. and they -- they found the baby as well. irvin terrible. winnette um, so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery, or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse i guess irvin so the baby was separate. winnette maybe extracted it. um, actually she was pregnant for the baby. irvin but the baby was separate from the body when he found it? winnette yes. yep. um, i don't know if ma- i you know i don't know the whole story for sure, but -- um -- he had -- you know, obviously -- denied that he was involved anything to do with it. then they found out that he was having an affair on her. and -- then of course when they were investigating him -- he tried running. dyed his hair and -- grew out a mustache and -- they caught him trying to run with -- quite a bit of cash. irvin wow. winnette so i mean, irvin (()) winnette he's -- in all honesty been guilty all along the way but irvin uh-huh. winnette of course you know they've got to give him that reasonable doubt. irvin uh-huh. so is he is he still um -- in prison now? winnette yeah. and they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison. so that's what's is up in the air right now. irvin what state is this in? winnette california. irvin it's in california. winnette and -- um -- i know i had, it was supposed to have be deliberated on -- the twenty-second of november, but they had an issue happen with -- one of the jurors -- so it's postponed everything. but, actually they were trying to pass a law, and i don't know if it ever did take into effect, that if in fact a mother was killed, and pregnant, um -- for there to be a double murder charge. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette and -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges. irvin uh-huh. winnette and -- so it's kind of up in the air now -- because he -- i believe he got first degree murder and -- um and then got manslaughter on the baby. so he didn't get both first degree murders. irvin what's the difference? winnette where -- um, i guess because he didn't murder the baby directly. irvin oh. winnette i'm thinking maybe was the difference. and because of the the charge on the baby, they couldn't automatically give him the death penalty, but -- obviously there's enough -- um, complaints or whatever irvin what was his excuse for doing something horrible like that? winnette and -- well he still denies everything. he has never admitted irvin ((still does)) winnette to do it. um -- but the only thing they can figure is that maybe -- he wanted back into the bachelor life, and didn't want to be a father, didn't want to be tied down with a wife and child irvin so he didn't have any other children? winnette that was -- no, that was going to be their first. and actually i don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two. 	1.0	blep
35	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham, press officer with the mercy side police. it's come to stealing childrens books, is it? i think these are profitable childrens book. so very popular. i think that people think they probably are lucrative for them. as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted. is that why you think they were stolen, sale before the deadline or after? i think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books. but i know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them. i think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days. we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them. considering how much publicity was circulating about this book, there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot. what kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books? the books were stolen from a warehouse, they have their own security measures. they did have their ccpb operational, we are looking at that to see if 	1.0	blep
36	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 6. criminal trials/peterson scott peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty. there's been a lot of media coverage of the peterson trial. why do you think this trial has been so publicized? what other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention, and why? what's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall? winnette hi, this is winnette, in michigan. irvin hi this is irvin, sullivan, illinois. what's your name again? winnette winnette. with a ~w. irvin ~wynett? winnette ~innette. irvin ~wi -- okay. okay. you're in michigan, huh? winnette yeah? irvin all right. uh, what do you know about this scott -- peterson trial? i don't know much about it, to be honest with you. winnette oh this is funny because i just, one of my calls the other day was regarding this. irvin really? winnette so uh uh they're act- -- actually that's getting a few different questions and -- actually the gentleman i got the other day -- hadn't even heard about it. um, irvin oh really? winnette well um, i've been following it pretty closely. um, i guess because of -- you know it being a mother and -- being pregnant for a baby. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um, kind of hit more to -- i you know to home. um, so you -- how much of it have you followed? did, did you -- follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything? irvin hardly any of it at all, because -- um -- for one thing -- i do not have a ~tv or a radio and i don't get a daily newspaper. we get winnette oh wow. irvin we get a weekly newspaper. winnette okay. um, well i'll i don't get any newspapers at the house, but -- i listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and irvin oh yeah? winnette and uh -- when it first happened it was -- pretty publicized on every radio station um -- it come across -- on the news and we keep our ~tv on at my work, because we have a customer waiting area, so irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um actually one of our employees had wa- watched ((happening)) -- so from that point on we kind of -- talked a lot about it at work and irvin how long ago was it? winnette different things. um, it was a year -- almost a year ago. over a year ago? because it was just before christmas -- that it happened. irvin over a year ago. winnette yeah. um, i'm thinking -- i don't know, november, december, i'm not sure exactly. but i know it was just before christmas -- when they had uh -- it had happened, because she was missing during christmas and then they had found her body. and they -- they found the baby as well. irvin terrible. winnette um, so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery, or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse i guess irvin so the baby was separate. winnette maybe extracted it. um, actually she was pregnant for the baby. irvin but the baby was separate from the body when he found it? winnette yes. yep. um, i don't know if ma- i you know i don't know the whole story for sure, but -- um -- he had -- you know, obviously -- denied that he was involved anything to do with it. then they found out that he was having an affair on her. and -- then of course when they were investigating him -- he tried running. dyed his hair and -- grew out a mustache and -- they caught him trying to run with -- quite a bit of cash. irvin wow. winnette so i mean, irvin (()) winnette he's -- in all honesty been guilty all along the way but irvin uh-huh. winnette of course you know they've got to give him that reasonable doubt. irvin uh-huh. so is he is he still um -- in prison now? winnette yeah. and they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison. so that's what's is up in the air right now. irvin what state is this in? winnette california. irvin it's in california. winnette and -- um -- i know i had, it was supposed to have be deliberated on -- the twenty-second of november, but they had an issue happen with -- one of the jurors -- so it's postponed everything. but, actually they were trying to pass a law, and i don't know if it ever did take into effect, that if in fact a mother was killed, and pregnant, um -- for there to be a double murder charge. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette and -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges. irvin uh-huh. winnette and -- so it's kind of up in the air now -- because he -- i believe he got first degree murder and -- um and then got manslaughter on the baby. so he didn't get both first degree murders. irvin what's the difference? winnette where -- um, i guess because he didn't murder the baby directly. irvin oh. winnette i'm thinking maybe was the difference. and because of the the charge on the baby, they couldn't automatically give him the death penalty, but -- obviously there's enough -- um, complaints or whatever irvin what was his excuse for doing something horrible like that? winnette and -- well he still denies everything. he has never admitted irvin ((still does)) winnette to do it. um -- but the only thing they can figure is that maybe -- he wanted back into the bachelor life, and didn't want to be a father, didn't want to be tied down with a wife and child irvin so he didn't have any other children? winnette that was -- no, that was going to be their first. and actually i don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two. 	1.0	blep
37	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	2.0	blep
38	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	the bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in iran. for a week now, protesters have been clashing with police and backers of the clerical regime in tehran. in turn, the iranian government has accused the bush administration of providing material support to the protesters. the state department spokesman says the demonstrations are about iran and iranians, and have nothing to do with the u.s., but he did make it clear where u.s. sympathies lie. 	1.0	blep
39	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	lawyer reprimanded for chiluba's failure to appear in court lusaka, zambia (ap) the lawyer of former zambian president frederick chiluba was reprimanded by a lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges friday. chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court. chiluba's lawyer, chifumu banda, told the court he had advised chiluba not to appear in court friday, following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered. ``the matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here,'' said magistrate christopher shacifwa. he said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves. shacifwa ordered chiluba to appear in court on may 16. chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (us$3 million) in cash from the zambia national commercial bank in lusaka. he has denied the allegations. chiluba was zambia's first democratically elected president. he came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms. (str-sg-sv-dk) 	1.0	blep
40	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	well, sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the catholic church in the united states and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in st. louis for their semiannual meeting. under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops, diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities. past, present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry. no priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another desies. with me now to talk more about the o'brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are barbara blain, the founder of the survivors network in st. louis and also joining us from detroit joe mayor, the founder of a priest support group. barbara, to you first. as the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow, are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue? 	1.0	blep
41	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	lawyer reprimanded for chiluba's failure to appear in court lusaka, zambia (ap) the lawyer of former zambian president frederick chiluba was reprimanded by a lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges friday. chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court. chiluba's lawyer, chifumu banda, told the court he had advised chiluba not to appear in court friday, following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered. ``the matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here,'' said magistrate christopher shacifwa. he said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves. shacifwa ordered chiluba to appear in court on may 16. chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (us$3 million) in cash from the zambia national commercial bank in lusaka. he has denied the allegations. chiluba was zambia's first democratically elected president. he came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms. (str-sg-sv-dk) 	1.0	blep
42	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	2.0	blep
43	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	the bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in iran. for a week now, protesters have been clashing with police and backers of the clerical regime in tehran. in turn, the iranian government has accused the bush administration of providing material support to the protesters. the state department spokesman says the demonstrations are about iran and iranians, and have nothing to do with the u.s., but he did make it clear where u.s. sympathies lie. 	1.0	blep
44	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	moving onto the laci peterson case bill, an unusual request from scott peterson's attorney. a pair of laci peterson's missing shoes could be very important evidence in scott's murder trial. she asking anyone who finds the pair to give them back. no sign of geragos or peterson in court yesterday when a judge was considering whether to unseal warrants obtained before scott peterson's arrest. peterson awaiting trial in the murder of his wife lace sand their unborn son. joining us, beth caras. good morning once again. thanks for being with us. 	2.0	blep
45	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	5.0	blep
46	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	1.0	blep
47	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 6. criminal trials/peterson scott peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty. there's been a lot of media coverage of the peterson trial. why do you think this trial has been so publicized? what other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention, and why? what's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall? winnette hi, this is winnette, in michigan. irvin hi this is irvin, sullivan, illinois. what's your name again? winnette winnette. with a ~w. irvin ~wynett? winnette ~innette. irvin ~wi -- okay. okay. you're in michigan, huh? winnette yeah? irvin all right. uh, what do you know about this scott -- peterson trial? i don't know much about it, to be honest with you. winnette oh this is funny because i just, one of my calls the other day was regarding this. irvin really? winnette so uh uh they're act- -- actually that's getting a few different questions and -- actually the gentleman i got the other day -- hadn't even heard about it. um, irvin oh really? winnette well um, i've been following it pretty closely. um, i guess because of -- you know it being a mother and -- being pregnant for a baby. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um, kind of hit more to -- i you know to home. um, so you -- how much of it have you followed? did, did you -- follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything? irvin hardly any of it at all, because -- um -- for one thing -- i do not have a ~tv or a radio and i don't get a daily newspaper. we get winnette oh wow. irvin we get a weekly newspaper. winnette okay. um, well i'll i don't get any newspapers at the house, but -- i listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and irvin oh yeah? winnette and uh -- when it first happened it was -- pretty publicized on every radio station um -- it come across -- on the news and we keep our ~tv on at my work, because we have a customer waiting area, so irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette um actually one of our employees had wa- watched ((happening)) -- so from that point on we kind of -- talked a lot about it at work and irvin how long ago was it? winnette different things. um, it was a year -- almost a year ago. over a year ago? because it was just before christmas -- that it happened. irvin over a year ago. winnette yeah. um, i'm thinking -- i don't know, november, december, i'm not sure exactly. but i know it was just before christmas -- when they had uh -- it had happened, because she was missing during christmas and then they had found her body. and they -- they found the baby as well. irvin terrible. winnette um, so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery, or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse i guess irvin so the baby was separate. winnette maybe extracted it. um, actually she was pregnant for the baby. irvin but the baby was separate from the body when he found it? winnette yes. yep. um, i don't know if ma- i you know i don't know the whole story for sure, but -- um -- he had -- you know, obviously -- denied that he was involved anything to do with it. then they found out that he was having an affair on her. and -- then of course when they were investigating him -- he tried running. dyed his hair and -- grew out a mustache and -- they caught him trying to run with -- quite a bit of cash. irvin wow. winnette so i mean, irvin (()) winnette he's -- in all honesty been guilty all along the way but irvin uh-huh. winnette of course you know they've got to give him that reasonable doubt. irvin uh-huh. so is he is he still um -- in prison now? winnette yeah. and they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison. so that's what's is up in the air right now. irvin what state is this in? winnette california. irvin it's in california. winnette and -- um -- i know i had, it was supposed to have be deliberated on -- the twenty-second of november, but they had an issue happen with -- one of the jurors -- so it's postponed everything. but, actually they were trying to pass a law, and i don't know if it ever did take into effect, that if in fact a mother was killed, and pregnant, um -- for there to be a double murder charge. irvin oh, uh-huh. winnette and -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges. irvin uh-huh. winnette and -- so it's kind of up in the air now -- because he -- i believe he got first degree murder and -- um and then got manslaughter on the baby. so he didn't get both first degree murders. irvin what's the difference? winnette where -- um, i guess because he didn't murder the baby directly. irvin oh. winnette i'm thinking maybe was the difference. and because of the the charge on the baby, they couldn't automatically give him the death penalty, but -- obviously there's enough -- um, complaints or whatever irvin what was his excuse for doing something horrible like that? winnette and -- well he still denies everything. he has never admitted irvin ((still does)) winnette to do it. um -- but the only thing they can figure is that maybe -- he wanted back into the bachelor life, and didn't want to be a father, didn't want to be tied down with a wife and child irvin so he didn't have any other children? winnette that was -- no, that was going to be their first. and actually i don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two. 	2.0	blep
48	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	4.0	blep
49	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	shiites openly mark mohammed's birthday in iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (pictures) = baghdad, may 19 (afp) shiite muslims in iraq monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades prophet mohammed's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine us efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country. meanwhile coalition officials in iraq insisted plans for an iraqi government were still on track and russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a un draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on iraq. thousands of iraq's majority shiite muslims marched to their main mosque in baghdad to mark the birthday of islam's founder prophet mohammed. shiites, who celebrate the birthday a week later than sunni muslims, were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of saddam hussein's sunni-dominated regime. the crowd filled the street leading to the kazimiya mosque in the northeast of baghdad and carried banners in the green color of islam, calling for good government. "no to injustice," "no to occupation," "no to israel," "yes to islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform. imam mohammad al-fartussi, who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women, alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of saddam and called iraq "the land of imams... land of islam." the demonstration came as iraq's top us overseer paul bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country. in his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with saddam hussein's regime nearly six weeks ago. but despite issuing a host of tough decrees, bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country. despite a security crackdown over the weekend in baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence. in baghdad, almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since us troops took control of the capital on april 9. only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. baghdad's top police job remains vacant. and a trip to baghdad's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post-saddam era. packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of saddam's regime, the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons. jalal jamil, a 45-year-old jewellery store owner, said the situation just keeps getting worse. "the americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said. bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier us timeline on forming a government in iraq, but us-led coalition officials monday insisted government plans were still on track. "we want to have an iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the organisation of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance (orha), which is administering post-war iraq. officials from iraqi groups that met with bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks. "we understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them: 'you won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government," the source said. "'of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said. "the last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said. the comments came on the same day that a prominent iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in iraq. adnan pachachi, a onetime foreign minister who returned to iraq on may 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent az-zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision. an interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly, that would draw up a constitution, pachachi said. a referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government, the 80-year-old pachachi told the daily. on the diplomatic front, a top russian official said monday that the un security council would likely vote this week on a us-british draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on iraq in 1990 after its invasion of kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year. "an updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," deputy foreign minister yury fedotov told itar-tass news agency. yet fedotov did not say whether russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the united states, britain and spain first submitted it more than a week ago. russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said. with billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in iraq, russia has been anxious to secure un involvement before supporting the resolution. australia announced the creation monday of an expert panel to help iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts. 	1.0	blep
50	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	another story out of belgrade, violence at the highest form. the serbian prime minister, zoran djindjic has died of his wounds after being shot, an assassination attempt. apparently, he was on his way to greet reporters at the time outside the main government office there in belgrade. all this happening about 90 minutes ago based on the wire reports we're getting here. the word from serbia, zoran djindjic, the prime minister, is dead. earlier reports said he was shot in the back, as well as the stomach. 	2.0	blep
51	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	"vanity fair's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california. good to have you with us. thanks for having me. your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime. give us your insights as to what you think the future holds. do you mean if i start with the past? not at you will. not at all i. not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon. maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds, removing the regime. absolutely. we'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument. as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states, again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly. still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members. mr. cheney's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein. of course, mr. cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and -- many others. when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated. yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community, lawyers, human rights activists, civilians, intellectuals, people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights. mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to 	1.0	blep
52	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	yasser arafat declared brain dead clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity fri, 5 nov 2004 11:19:21 +1000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead just what the world needs this week...more palestinian instability! uncle dollar bill fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 5 nov 2004 11:20:13 +1000 in alt.atheism, "clayton...rapidly drying oasis in a worldwide desert of insanity"(c...@spamblockphonyemail.com) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: ...which is still greater than the chance that the u.s. will ever come to its senses. wouldn't it be something if these formerly "militant extremist" muslim regiemes became more liberal while the u.s. became... ah... never mind. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." vic sagerquist fri, 05 nov 2004 03:20:44 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 04 nov 2004, daniel kolle dropped trou, farted, whirled, then shouted: cancer is not a happy thing. stomach cancer's got to hurt like hell. i wonder what allah was thinking when he allowed that. robibnikoff thu, 4 nov 2004 22:28:11 -0500 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead my husband's uncle died of it about a year before we got married. it was awful :( -- --------- robyn resident witchypoo #1557 daniel kolle 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead i have always wondered if cancer would hurt or not. i take it that it does. raven1 fri, 05 nov 2004 19:28:51 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) wrote: i watched two uncles die of lung cancer (which gave me the impetus to give up smoking for good), and a close friend die of melanoma. it's not a death i would wish on my worst enemy. uncle dollar bill sat, 06 nov 2004 03:41:56 gmt re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 5 nov 2004 09:28:46 -0800 in alt.atheism, dko...@hotmail.com (daniel kolle) defied the status quo and scrawled upon the toilet stall: consider yourself lucky that you had to wonder about it. i became familiar with _that_ issue at a very young age. and many times thereafter. to say that it "hurts like hell" is an understatement, at least the kinds my family had been prone to. when you see the woman who raised you sucking desperately on a dropper of liquid morphine like it were her own mother's teat, you're just never quite the same. the "woman who raised me" wasn't actually my mother, but my grandmother, btw. -- l8r, uncle dollar bill "opinions are like people - every asshole has one..." meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:38:46 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on fri, 05 nov 2004 05:30:37 gmt the et form known as uncle dollar bill(uncledollarb...@spammenot .com) sent a radio signal across the vast expanse of deep space -._.--._.--._.--._.--._.--._. there was the free press in qatar, al jeezera but its' offices in kabul and baghdad were bombed by americans. only one thing the neocons hate more than despotism in the middle east and that is freedom of the press in the middle east. -- epicurus1*at*optusnet*dot*com* dot*au apatriot #1, atheist #1417, chief eac prophet apatriotism yahoo group "properly read, the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived." - isaac asimov meteorite debris sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead might just be conspiracy stuff but otoh mossad does have a reputation for highly effective operations. i don't think it is likely but i would not be surprised either. therion ware sat, 06 nov 2004 07:17:15 +0000 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030 in alt.atheism, meteorite debris (meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com)) said, directing the reply to alt.atheism anyone remember georgi markov? -- "do unto others as you would have them do unto you." - attrib: pauline reage. inexpensive vhs & other video to cd/dvd conversion? see: (). 35.00 gets your video on dvd. all posts to this email address are automatically deleted without being read. ** atheist poster child #1 ** #442. bob dog 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead the palestinians want land to live on, while sharon wants no palestinians living on the land. when the world finally grows the balls to criticize israeli terrorism, we'll see peace. but as long as "criticism is anti-semitism" is the mentality, don't act surprised that the palestinians object to the lebensraum (a/k/a settlements) and israeli terrorism (bombings, shooting farmers in their fields, bulldozing crops, destroying schools, shooting children, etc. etc. etc.). george carlin said it best: "let's not have a double standard, one standard will do just fine." apply the same standards to israel that we apply to the palestinians. bob dog rune sat, 06 nov 2004 15:25:41 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on sat, 6 nov 2004 16:41:52 +1030, meteorite debris (a...@yahoo.com) wrote: i think more likely, one of his palestinian rivals did it. if the israelis wanted to kill arafat, i think they'd have better ways. unless of course they wanted it to be succinct so they couldn't be blamed. but one thing that's sure about the palestinians is that no matter what happens, you can be sure they'll blame it on israel. rune mon, 08 nov 2004 02:00:23 +0100 re: yasser arafat declared brain dead on 6 nov 2004 04:25:09 -0800, bg12...@apexmail.com (bob dog) wrote: i guess the fact that you live in the us has skewed your view. bill after bill of condemnation have passed in the united nations by overwhelming majority. regular as clockwork, the us vetos them. demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world. israel's only friend in the world is the united states. here in 'the rest of the world' it's the other way around. when you're a muslim you're untouchable, when you're israeli, you're fair game. when in it's 60 year long history has israel ever stepped up the conflict, or cast the first stone? everyone has the right to defend themselves. even jews. may i interpret this as your approving of the nazi extermination of slavic people? the extermination of kosovar albanians by native serbs? come talk to me once you decide a jewish and a muslim life are worth the same. 	1.0	blep
53	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	france proposes suspending u.n. sanctions against iraq, a step toward u.s. goal united nations (ap) france on tuesday proposed immediately suspending u.n. sanctions targeting iraq civilians, an important step toward the u.s. goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country's economy. the surprise move by france, which led opposition to the u.s. war against iraq, followed last week's call by u.s. president george w. bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction. france's u.n. ambassador, jean-marc de la sabliere, made the proposal at a security council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief u.n. weapons inspector hans blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues. the proposal would end the u.n. ban on trade and investment in iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place. the security council imposed sanctions after iraq's 1990 invasion of kuwait. under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until u.n. inspectors certify that iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them. along with france, russia, germany and china also strongly opposed the war. but de la sabliere said before the meeting that security council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.'' russian ambassador sergey lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' but he said russia wants u.n. inspectors to certify that iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under u.n. resolutions. asked about the french proposal, he said: ``we are ready to discuss it.'' at another closed-door council meeting later tuesday, the council was to hear from benon sevan, head of the u.n. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of iraq's 24 million people. france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first gulf war. ``there should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de la sabliere said. this is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against iraq. these include not only iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the u.n. role in iraq now that the fighting is over, control of iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts. blix stressed that council resolutions call for u.n. inspectors to have access to all sites and people in iraq. he said he told the council that he believes the world would like iraq's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years. the bush administration, which accused blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to iraq to search for illegal weapons. ``at the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming iraq,'' u.s. ambassador john negroponte, said tuesday when asked whether u.s. teams would work with u.n. inspectors. he said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.'' france's de la sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the american teams and the work of u.n. inspectors ``so that the iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.'' he told the associated press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. he also envisioned u.s. and u.n. inspectors working together. ``and then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate iraqi government is in place,'' he said. in an interview with bbc radio aired tuesday, blix said that before the war, the u.s. and britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove iraq had banned weapons. blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that u.s. intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting iraq tried to buy uranium from the west african nation of niger. he told reporters at the united nations on tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.'' u.n. inspectors went back to iraq for the first time in four years in late november and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. secretary-general kofi annan ordered all u.n. international staff, including the inspectors, to leave iraq just before the war began on march 20. he has said he expects them to return. annan also said tuesday in austria that iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. he acknowledged that ``the u.n. is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the u.n. role in iraq in the ``not too distant future.'' 	1.0	blep
54	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham, press officer with the mercy side police. it's come to stealing childrens books, is it? i think these are profitable childrens book. so very popular. i think that people think they probably are lucrative for them. as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted. is that why you think they were stolen, sale before the deadline or after? i think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books. but i know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them. i think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days. we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them. considering how much publicity was circulating about this book, there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot. what kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books? the books were stolen from a warehouse, they have their own security measures. they did have their ccpb operational, we are looking at that to see if 	2.0	blep
55	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	also ahead, the anatomy of a rescue, just a couple of hours ago, rescued p.o.w. jessica lynch arrived at the ramstein air base in germany for medical treatment. a little later we'll speak with her family and talk a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery, but first the push into baghdad. coalition field commanders say u.s. troops are now within 15 miles of the iraqi capital. they say their forces today with the iraqi republican guard units as part of a protwo-pronged advance on the city. u.s. troops could be in baghdad southern outskirts by early thursday. however, the pentagon is down playing the idea that an invasion of baghdad is imminent. for the second straight day, iraqi television meanwhile has broadcast a statement from the iraqi president saddam hussein. however, despite the appearance of saddam hussein in and what was said to be new fattage, the statement itself was read by an iraqi news anchor wearing a military uniform. u.s. officials say they aren't sure whether the iraqi president is still alive. regardless, the statement praised iraqis who have fought coalition forces. it was said to be saddam hussein's response to a letter from his niece. 	2.0	blep
56	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 5. death of arafat (1) controversial plo leader yasser arafat died in a paris hospital last week. do you think arafat's death will help or hurt the israeli-palestinian peace process? was arafat a good leader? what do you think us policy should be toward palestine now that arafat has died? what, if anything, should the us do to be involved in the middle east peace process? ali hi. mark i- -- my name is mark. ali my name is ali, uh, mark how you d- ali from pennsylvania. mark how you doing? ali i'm fine. how are you? mark good, good. not too bad. ali uh, so let me ask you, do you think arafat was, uh, a good leader or not? mark um, to hi- -- yeah, i- -- i think he did what he thought -- was right for his people. i- i- -- i would say he was a good leader -- for- -- for, uh, his people. and as far as our involvement there, should be as little as possible. just let them do -- what they, you know, what they're going to do -- and we should stay out of it ((just)) as -- much as we can. uh, this country seems to get involved too much in other people's politics. should just let them do whatever they're going to do, ali uh, mark you know. ali mm, by the way i am from arab origin, so i also have, uh, uh, the same opinion -- like you. i believe he -- -- in my opinion he- he was a good leader -- and, um, i believe what, eh, has to be done -- right now is to ((apply)) -- the united nations', uh, decisions about the conflict between arab and israel because there is -- -- there are a lot of, uh, decisions have been made -- have been made -- and this, uh- for example, one of them was, uh, decision number two forty-two -- and this was about -- the ha- establishing two- two countries, one for israel and another one for palestine. mark right. ali so, if we -- -- eh, if united states, bush, israel ((told)) th- the solution or to, uh, to make the decision, eh, i think this will solve -- the problem. the -- unfortunately what happens right now- -- the -- for example, which is -- little bit toward it's- it's interest. for example, when there was, uh, like, a -- decision against iraq, the united states -- went directly -- to iraq to -- -- for, eh, uh, an invasion -- and -- for -- whatever reasons- -- she even was out, uh, putting any attention to the united nations, uh, like, uh, approval. she did wha- what she want. but, eh, eh, for israeli, palestinian conflict there's a lot of decisions that has to be -- applied but until now -- she didn't put any pressure, eh, toward ((this and)) and i believe this policy has been, uh, this kind of policy, eh, um, eh, became more and more during -- eh, during, uh, eh, bush -- -- president bush time. for example, before, eh, during clinton, i believe at that time -- clinton was trying hard -- to solve this problem and i believe at that time, if you remember, um, yasser arafat -- and, uh, the prime minister of israel, his name was barak, they met together in the white house -- and -- they almost came to an agreement -- to solve this problem -- and during clinton, eh, period -- they had, uh, this ((oslo)) a- eh, agreement. most of the big problems between the two parties, they negotiated everything almost and there is -- there were, like, final steps that have to be solved. but, uh, i think if there was, like, the, um, the same policy has to be followed after clinton. i think -- everything would- -- -finished then- -- the -- i think united states -- went to another direction and, eh, they forgot about this problem right now. mark yeah, i g- eh, see, i don't, ali mark um, when- when policy is set by one -- -- by one president -- towards- towards one thing, it's usually -- followed through, if there is something to follow through, by the -- next president in turn. he is more or less obligated -- to continue, uh, the process that was already started -- but -- i think -- bush's -- agenda -- is not -- towards that right now. that is not his priority, i don't think. ali yeah, i think so, yes. mark and, eh, uh, although, you know, it's been a long time -- that -- i- they have both -- b- both israel and palestine, they both need a -- they both need their own country -- and- ali that's, uh, true because, uh, mark an- -- eh, y- ali in the united nations they have established -- eh, they made this decision already. mark r- right, right. ali the -- uh, there, uh -- there has to be two countries, one of them for palestine, mark right. ali and another one for israeli but, uh, mark i- i- i agree a hundred percent, uh, ali because, eh, i- mark eh, but to get so involved in it. i think, the people, uh, the people that are in charge, the- eh, the people that run the governments there -- do need to sit down an- and- and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that, that- ali which is played by u- united states. this is the mediator which, in my opinion, is the one mark r- ali who has the power to convince both -- parties -- about- mark right. right. um, i- -- they -- in -- ali mark it's a -- -- eh, that i- -- that is what is need and un- ali mark unfortunately they've been -- they've been trying to get this settled and hashed out for -- twenty-five, thirty years now. ali yeah. mark uh, ali yeah. mark i- it's been a long time in coming and anything that's good is worth waiting for, you know what i mean? eh, i mean, that's what i've always been told. and -- but- 	1.0	blep
57	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	do people never learn from the mistakes of others? mark backer 2004-11-17t11:07:00 for those of you not from around these parts, linda schrenko was the state of georgia's superintendant of schools. it seems that in recent years, instead of doing the people's business, good ole linda has spent her time stealing over 600 grand in federal education funds. she used it for various things, but the favorite is the nine grand she spent on a facelift. here's a link to the story: link one thing that made me laugh is that she showed up at her indictment in a fur coat. ummm, am i the only one that learned anything from the michael irvin drug trial of the mid 90's? you never ever show up at court, especially facing indictment for stealing large sums of money, wearing a fucking fur coat!! fake or not, you look like you're rubbing the common man's nose in it. schrenko is a scumbag and, although she won't get any actual jail time, i hope the fine she pleads to is at least as much as what she stole. otherwise, she's learned nothing. remember when michael milken got busted, he was not forced to give up his secret accounts, and when the fine of 600 million was levied...he paid it!! hell, at his zenith, that's what he made in one year!! "um...how much, your honor? 600 large? yeah, lemme just get my checkbook out of my diamond encrusted briefcase." schrenko stole 20 times what martha stewart did, and i bet she won't see the wrong side of a jail cell door, and that's sad. because it's people like schrenko for which jails were specifically designed... 	1.0	blep
58	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	it's with wednesday, march 5 200 3. i'm wolf blitzer in washington. is the u.s. going to war? if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now. america's top diplomat laid out the case for war. secretary of state colin powell acted like a prosecutor, pointing out iraq's failures. over at the pentagon, the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president's order, but there is major opposition today, france, germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s.'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states. even the vatican voiced concerns today. later this hour i'll speak exclusively to cardinal pio laghi, the man dismatched by pope john paul ii to persuade president bush to avoid war, but we begin with reports from the united nations, the pentagon and the white house. first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war. chris? 	2.0	blep
59	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	1.0	blep
60	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	jack welch seeks details on estranged wife's work in divorce case bridgeport, connecticut (ap) retired general electric co. chairman jack welch is seeking work-related documents of his estranged wife in his high-stakes divorce case. the welches disclosed their plans to divorce a year ago, shortly after suzy wetlaufer _ then editor of the harvard business review _ revealed she had become romantically involved with welch while working on a story about him. in court papers filed this week in state supreme court in new york, welch requested a deposition next month of david heleniak, a senior partner in the law firm of shearman & sterling in new york. he also wants to subpoena all documents maintained in jane beasley welch's personnel file by shearman & sterling, a prestigious corporate law firm where she worked before she married welch. welch specifically is seeking performance evaluations, correspondence between his estranged wife and partners while she worked at the law firm's office in london, and documents related to her prospects of becoming a partner. welch also wants details on jane beasley welch's salary, benefits, retirement plan and other compensation paid to her. michael york, one of jack welch's attorneys, called the move routine. a judge ruled in february that depositions in the divorce case will remain confidential. earlier documents in the case have included embarrassing details about perks welch received as part of his retirement package from ge at a time when corporate scandals were sparking outrage. the court order was requested by jack welch's attorney, daniel k. webb, who said welch would likely be asked about his business dealings, his health and entries in his personal diary. webb also said details of the breakdowns of the welches' previous marriages were likely to come up, and cited reports of alleged extramarital affairs by both. welch has previously failed in an attempt to temporarily seal a financial affidavit. that document detailed monthly outlays of some $51,000 for upkeep on a half-dozen houses scattered from massachusetts to florida, more than $52,000 for gifts and nearly $9,000 for food and drink, among other expenses. 	1.0	blep
61	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	spy to help free private jessica lynch. * * lara hijacking in 1995 has been captured by u.s. forces in or near baghdad. this was the italian ship that was taken -- that was captured by palestinian terrorists back in 1985 and some may remember the story of leon clinghover, he was in a cheal chair and the terrorists shot him and pushed him over the side of the ship into the mediterranean where he obviously, died. this man, abu abbas has lived an i tin rant life, he's been in tunas. he's been in libya and he's been living under the protection of saddam hussein in baghdad, but he is wanted for murder in italy italy. there are charges, u.s. charges which have expired but could, i am told, possibly be re -- restarted for piracy, hostage taking and conspiracy. so this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date t. now look as if this man abu absaas in u.s. hands. miles? 	3.0	blep
62	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis sam sloan thu, 16 dec 2004 15:47:26 gmt turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis everyone has heard the story: beatriz marinello was elected uscf president on august 11, 2003 in los angeles. immediately after she took office, she found out that the uscf had no money in the bank, zero. the uscf did not even have the money to pay the guaranteed prizes at the just concluded us open in los angeles. therefore, on august 20, 2003, bravely beatriz walked into the uscf offices in new windsor and immediately fired 17 staff members. john mccrary resigned from the board as a result. of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the uscf in 1999-2000. it took six weeks before the uscf paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the us open. i have just found out something that insiders had known for a long time. the uscf did not have zero money in the bank. it had $85,000 in another bank account that nobody knew about. this was not due to any malfeasance. the office accountant for the uscf had set up a separate bank account and had put the entry fees from the us open into that account. nobody knew about that separate bank account, except for the accountant herself. when this was discovered, the accountant explained that she was planning to keep the money in that account until the tournament was closed out. perhaps the accountant was following a procedure followed by the uscf for scholastic tournaments. at scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid. however, in adult tournaments, the players expect to receive their prizes, and to receive them immediately. for this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the uscf, the accountant was immediately fired. had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away. perhaps in the long run it was a good thing to fire them, but it might not have been a good idea to fire them all abruptly, in the same day. sam sloan stanb thu, 16 dec 2004 20:14:34 -0500 re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis bullcrap. he was embarassed by how niro misled him into thinking there would be a surplus. he was asked to wait until after the la meeting was over before resigning. right, we shoulda pissed another 85,000 away before we stopped the red ink. parrthenon 17 dec 2004 02:29:13 gmt re: turns out the august 2003 crisis was not a crisis frank niro thanks sam sloan in this message to the fide newsgroup: thu, 16 dec 2004 21:06:29 est frank niro comments on the aug 2003 so-called crisis yes, sam, you are correct. and i knew about it also. i also knew about the $100,000+ of audit adjustments (and non-adjustments) for inventory, unbilled advertising, newsstand sales, tournament revenues, pension &health insurance over-accruals, multi year membership revenue, etc. etc. that i was too sick to argue with linda and the auditors about. i knew that they would get corrected as a matter of course during fiscal 2004 resulting in understatement of 2003 income and overstatement of 2004. and, of course, that is what happened. i just had no idea that the new board would see it as leverage to seize power and pummel the office staff. not only was there adequate cash put aside, we had approval for an equity loan on the building to bridge the move. but i didn't want to pay the $10,000 points and interest unless and until it was absolutely necessary. we also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in crossville. staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, miami, pbg, crossville or elsewhere. to make the staff cuts without the system changes was absurd and probably the reason for mccrary &camaratta's departures. when i offered to attend the board meeting in october 2003 to explain and clarify all this, i was told i was not welcome. i sat in new windsor all weekend waiting for a phone call so i could answer eb questions and shed light on the situation. it is no coincidence that the employees let go included substantially all those who had offered to transfer to crossville, including (remarkably) the employee of the year! you can read all this in my book coming out next summer. thanks for seeing the truth for a change. best wishes to all, frank niro in a message dated 12/16/2004 10:55:45 am eastern standard time, 	1.0	blep
63	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	well, sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the catholic church in the united states and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in st. louis for their semiannual meeting. under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops, diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities. past, present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry. no priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another desies. with me now to talk more about the o'brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are barbara blain, the founder of the survivors network in st. louis and also joining us from detroit joe mayor, the founder of a priest support group. barbara, to you first. as the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow, are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue? 	1.0	blep
64	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham, press officer with the mercy side police. it's come to stealing childrens books, is it? i think these are profitable childrens book. so very popular. i think that people think they probably are lucrative for them. as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted. is that why you think they were stolen, sale before the deadline or after? i think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books. but i know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them. i think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days. we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them. considering how much publicity was circulating about this book, there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot. what kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books? the books were stolen from a warehouse, they have their own security measures. they did have their ccpb operational, we are looking at that to see if 	1.0	blep
65	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	iraq warns of unconventional counter attack tonight; saddam sends message suggesting he is alive, still defiant blitzer attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, kurdish fighters and u.s. troops have dislodged stubborn iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern iraq. iraqis pulled back on the road to mosul as cnn's jane arraf reports from the battlefield. (begin videotape) jane arraf, cnn correspondent (voice-over) a few miles further to mosul, kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by iraqi forces. after a day of fighting, the iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards mosul from the kurdish city of erbil. soldiers were kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on iraqi positions were american. as u.s. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): there's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge. it's a bridge over the river on the main road to mosul. the iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the americans are calling in air strikes. the peshmerga are just down the road, and the iraqis have retreated, but they're still holding on to the bridge. (voice-over): that blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come. unidentified male are you coming here? arraf less than 20 minutes later, with iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the khoser river. in this vehicle, the only iraqi casualties we saw. their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants. (on camera): it's still smoldering, this truck with three iraqi soldiers. it was either shelled or bombed. now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us. these were lying on the ground next to the truck. somebody picked them up. it's an i.d. card, presumably for one of the soldiers. the only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. and a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him. other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles, a discarded gas mask. military documents. notebooks with verses from the koran. kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out iraqi truck. the village of manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from mosul is now in kurdish hands. one kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of saddam hussein. not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. they've been waiting a long time. jane arraf, cnn, on the bridge over the khoser river in northern iraq. (end video clip) blitzer thanks very much. judy, dangerous assignment for all of our reporters, our embedded journalists. and one of them, not from our cnn, but from a very close friend of all of ours, michael kelly, paid that price. the first american embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. we'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "wolf blitzer reports." until then, thanks, judy, back to you. woodruff thanks, wolf. and we'll be watching. michael kelly, of course, with "atlantic monthly," and a columnist for the "washington post." well, at least three u.s. service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the haditah dam northwest of baghdad. those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. at last report, though, 41 americans had been killed by hostile forces, 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. of the 27 british troops, in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. the official iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, iraqi authorities say. and u.s. central command says more than 4,000 iraqis have been captured, but british officials believe that figure is much higher. we know that seven americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in iraq. another 15 americans listed as missing in action. well, funeral services were held today in colorado for 21-year- old marine corporal randall kent rosacker. he was killed in action in iraq. his story is especially poignant. his father is a navy commander. he received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. the iraqis promise an unconventional attack on u.s. troops tonight. do they mean guerilla warfare, as in vietnam? we're going to ask our military analyst. that's coming up. 	1.0	blep
66	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	the draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in maryland is finished. up next for investigators, to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside fredrick, not far from washington, d.c. it's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed. 	1.0	blep
67	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	prompt 5. death of arafat (1) controversial plo leader yasser arafat died in a paris hospital last week. do you think arafat's death will help or hurt the israeli-palestinian peace process? was arafat a good leader? what do you think us policy should be toward palestine now that arafat has died? what, if anything, should the us do to be involved in the middle east peace process? ali hi. mark i- -- my name is mark. ali my name is ali, uh, mark how you d- ali from pennsylvania. mark how you doing? ali i'm fine. how are you? mark good, good. not too bad. ali uh, so let me ask you, do you think arafat was, uh, a good leader or not? mark um, to hi- -- yeah, i- -- i think he did what he thought -- was right for his people. i- i- -- i would say he was a good leader -- for- -- for, uh, his people. and as far as our involvement there, should be as little as possible. just let them do -- what they, you know, what they're going to do -- and we should stay out of it ((just)) as -- much as we can. uh, this country seems to get involved too much in other people's politics. should just let them do whatever they're going to do, ali uh, mark you know. ali mm, by the way i am from arab origin, so i also have, uh, uh, the same opinion -- like you. i believe he -- -- in my opinion he- he was a good leader -- and, um, i believe what, eh, has to be done -- right now is to ((apply)) -- the united nations', uh, decisions about the conflict between arab and israel because there is -- -- there are a lot of, uh, decisions have been made -- have been made -- and this, uh- for example, one of them was, uh, decision number two forty-two -- and this was about -- the ha- establishing two- two countries, one for israel and another one for palestine. mark right. ali so, if we -- -- eh, if united states, bush, israel ((told)) th- the solution or to, uh, to make the decision, eh, i think this will solve -- the problem. the -- unfortunately what happens right now- -- the -- for example, which is -- little bit toward it's- it's interest. for example, when there was, uh, like, a -- decision against iraq, the united states -- went directly -- to iraq to -- -- for, eh, uh, an invasion -- and -- for -- whatever reasons- -- she even was out, uh, putting any attention to the united nations, uh, like, uh, approval. she did wha- what she want. but, eh, eh, for israeli, palestinian conflict there's a lot of decisions that has to be -- applied but until now -- she didn't put any pressure, eh, toward ((this and)) and i believe this policy has been, uh, this kind of policy, eh, um, eh, became more and more during -- eh, during, uh, eh, bush -- -- president bush time. for example, before, eh, during clinton, i believe at that time -- clinton was trying hard -- to solve this problem and i believe at that time, if you remember, um, yasser arafat -- and, uh, the prime minister of israel, his name was barak, they met together in the white house -- and -- they almost came to an agreement -- to solve this problem -- and during clinton, eh, period -- they had, uh, this ((oslo)) a- eh, agreement. most of the big problems between the two parties, they negotiated everything almost and there is -- there were, like, final steps that have to be solved. but, uh, i think if there was, like, the, um, the same policy has to be followed after clinton. i think -- everything would- -- -finished then- -- the -- i think united states -- went to another direction and, eh, they forgot about this problem right now. mark yeah, i g- eh, see, i don't, ali mark um, when- when policy is set by one -- -- by one president -- towards- towards one thing, it's usually -- followed through, if there is something to follow through, by the -- next president in turn. he is more or less obligated -- to continue, uh, the process that was already started -- but -- i think -- bush's -- agenda -- is not -- towards that right now. that is not his priority, i don't think. ali yeah, i think so, yes. mark and, eh, uh, although, you know, it's been a long time -- that -- i- they have both -- b- both israel and palestine, they both need a -- they both need their own country -- and- ali that's, uh, true because, uh, mark an- -- eh, y- ali in the united nations they have established -- eh, they made this decision already. mark r- right, right. ali the -- uh, there, uh -- there has to be two countries, one of them for palestine, mark right. ali and another one for israeli but, uh, mark i- i- i agree a hundred percent, uh, ali because, eh, i- mark eh, but to get so involved in it. i think, the people, uh, the people that are in charge, the- eh, the people that run the governments there -- do need to sit down an- and- and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that, that- ali which is played by u- united states. this is the mediator which, in my opinion, is the one mark r- ali who has the power to convince both -- parties -- about- mark right. right. um, i- -- they -- in -- ali mark it's a -- -- eh, that i- -- that is what is need and un- ali mark unfortunately they've been -- they've been trying to get this settled and hashed out for -- twenty-five, thirty years now. ali yeah. mark uh, ali yeah. mark i- it's been a long time in coming and anything that's good is worth waiting for, you know what i mean? eh, i mean, that's what i've always been told. and -- but- 	2.0	blep
68	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	2.0	blep
69	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington. regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush. and the material girl, she's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story. 	1.0	blep
70	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	australia to keep open its embassy in saudi arabia with bc-me-gen--saudi-attacks canberra, australia (ap) australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states, britain and germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears. on the eve of a visit to the saudi capital, foreign minister alexander downer said security at the australian embassy appeared to be sufficient. ``we have quite a substantial security presence at the australian embassy in riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' downer told the australian broadcasting corp. australia is one of washington's staunchest allies. canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in afghanistan and alongside u.s. and british forces in iraq. new zealand also has no immediate plans to close its saudi embassy. on tuesday, saudi security officials said three suspected al-qaida militants were arrested in jiddah, saudi arabia, in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of riyadh on may 12. the bombings killed 34 people _ including nine attackers, eight americans and two britons _ and wounded nearly 200 others. earlier this week, saudi and u.s. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to osama bin laden's al-qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the united states or against american interests overseas. 	5.0	blep
71	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	not wise to attack floridians scott 2005-02-24t12:07:00 from the st. pete times : some florida legislators want to give people the right to shoot an attacker in a public place. a house committee voted wednesday to allow people to shoot to kill in self-defense if they are attacked "in any other place where he or she has a right to be." sponsored by rep. dennis baxley, an ocala republican, the bill (hb 249) passed 13-0. state law defines deadly force as that which is likely to cause "death or great bodily harm," such as firing a gun at a person or a vehicle. florida courts consider deadly force a last resort and have held that a person being attacked has the "duty to use every reasonable means to avoid the danger, including retreat, prior to using deadly force." but this legislation says a person who is under attack in a public place "has no duty to retreat." "law-abiding people should not be told that if they are attacked, they should turn around and run," nra lobbyist marion hammer told lawmakers. "this bill gives back rights that have been eroded and taken away by a judicial system that at times appears to give preferential treatment to criminals." baxley held up a stack of more than 800 e-mails from floridians who he said have written him to support the bill. he said 62 house members, a majority, have endorsed his bill, and supporters include attorney general charlie crist and groups representing florida sheriffs, police chiefs and police officers. rep. jeff kottkamp, r-cape coral, said the bill reminded him of a sign he saw on a constituent's house while campaigning door-to-door. kottkamp said the sign, next to a doorbell, showed a smoking .44-magnum handgun and the words: "we don't dial 911." this is great news for florida gun carriers because now to defend yourself you don't have to first make sure a "duty to retreat" is impossible. currently, if one's life is threatened he/she must make sure it is impossible to escape before using deadly force on an attacker. 	5.0	blep
72	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	3.0	blep
73	u.s., britain drafting resolution limiting u.n. role in iraq to humanitarian relief london (ap) the united states and britain are preparing a resolution that would give the united nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in iraq, a senior official in u.s. president george w. bush's administration said friday. separately, the united states has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in iraq into three parts under american, british and polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. six european countries have agreed to contribute troops to the british and polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said. the draft resolution would limit the u.n. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. the united states and britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced. u.n. officials are already in iraq providing humanitarian relief. u.n. secretary general kofi annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country. ``take the question of security. i don't think the u.n. would want to take on that,'' annan said. ``there has been a suggestion that the u.n. wanted to take over the whole iraq and run it, which was also not the case.'' what the united nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' annan said. the proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other u.n. security council members who have favored a u.n.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish afghanistan's post-taliban government. u.s. defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld discussed the resolution with prime minister tony blair and defense secretary geoff hoon on friday as rumsfeld returned from a tour of iraq, afghanistan and the persian gulf region. rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the u.n. would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role. hoon, who joined rumsfeld in a news conference at heathrow airport, also did not mention the draft resolution. ``we are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in iraq, hoon said. international stability forces will be sent to iraq as soon as possible, the u.s. official said, though it was unclear when that would be. those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid. the six nations contributing troops are italy, spain, ukraine, denmark, the netherlands and bulgaria, the official said. representatives of those countries will meet with british officials may 7 and polish officials may 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under british or polish command. the u.s. part of the stability force will be comprised of american troops. while that portion is likely to consist of a military division _ about 20,000 _ the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said. the international stabilization force would be under the u.s. war commander, gen. tommy franks. at least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 american troops inside iraq, the official said. the stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other u.s. troops focus on rooting out leftover members of saddam hussein's government and other armed elements in iraq. rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer u.s. troops will be needed inside iraq. planning for both the u.n. resolution and the international security force left out france, germany and russia, three u.s. allies that vehemently opposed the war in iraq. some of the nato members who agreed to send troops may want nato authorization for that action, the official said. requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance's defense planning committee, which does not include france, the official said. the outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference hoon hosted wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly nato members. other countries including the philippines, south korea, qatar and australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals, engineers, explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts. the u.s., british and polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within iraq, the official said. for example, although ethnic kurds are the majority in large parts of northern iraq, there are also large numbers of kurds within baghdad. some arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. countries in the gulf cooperation council have offered to donate money for the effort. rumsfeld also met friday with king abdullah of jordan, an american ally in the middle east. defense officials say jordan provided key help in the iraq war, acting as a staging area for u.s. special operations raids into western iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at jordan or israel. rumsfeld did not say what the two discussed. 	spurned by u.s. over human rights, indonesia turns to russia for arms jakarta, indonesia (ap) the dictator suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and east timor freed. after sept. 11, 2001, indonesia was quick to sign onto u.s. president george w. bush's global war on terror. yet, washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change. frustrated, jakarta's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals. later this month indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri travels to moscow to seek the kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces. she is also likely to open the way for russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector, long dominated by american and british resource giants. although opposite ends of the earth, indonesia and russia have some basic things in common. both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations. both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule. both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. and, currently, both have opposed the u.s.- led war on iraq. indonesia's foreign ministry spokesman marty natalegawa says megawati's meeting with russian president putin slated for april 21 will touch on the iraq crisis. but other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales. analysts worry that indonesia's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago, allowing for easy infiltration by extremists. last year's bali bombings, which killed 202 people, illustrated the threat of terrorism in indonesia. and, broad opposition to the u.s.-led attack on iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant islamists. ``nearly everybody in indonesia sees this iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to u.s. policies,'' said jusuf wanadi of the center for strategic and international studies in jakarta. close ties between moscow and jakarta are not unprecedented. indonesia relied on soviet military assistance in the 1950s under megawati's father and founding president sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist gen. suharto seized power in 1965. the united states quickly became the southeast asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at us$400 million in the 1980s. in 1991, however, the u.s. congress banned this after indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in east timor. in 1999, east timor became free, but only after indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum. the shocking level of destruction prompted u.s. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with indonesia. since then some in the bush administration _ particularly deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, a former ambassador to jakarta and a prime architect of the iraq war _ have pushed for the ban to be repealed. so far, u.s. lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. but that's far from enough for indonesia's generals. ``i think the indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from washington are just not worth it,'' said juwono sudarsono, a former defense minister. ``so they want to look for alternative sources for planes, helicopters and other hardware.'' moscow has already had some success in wooing indonesia as a customer. jakarta has recently purchased some russian weapons, including 10,000 kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval mil-2 helicopters and a dozen btr-80a amphibious carriers for its marines. currently, indonesia uses short-range rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in sumatra, borneo and papua from air attack. ``replenishing them has been a big problem,'' sudarsono said. air defense commanders want to augment the rapiers with russia's impressive long-range s-300 missiles, or shorter-range systems such as the sa-15 gauntlet or shoulder-fired igla. the air force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of sukhoi su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters. previously, indonesian air force commanders preferred western jets that were compatible with the u.s.-made f-16 fighter-bombers already in the indonesian inventory. but neighboring malaysia's success in integrating russian mig-29s and american f/a-18 hornets persuaded them otherwise, sudarsono said. if megawati does stiff-arm the united states on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with washington will be permanently damaged. whatever happens, indonesia, a mainly muslim but politically secular state, is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy. what could be more worrying for washington is russia's economic ambitions. trade between indonesia and russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001 _ the last year for which statistics are available. analysts say this can only grow. the real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector. megawati and putin are expected to sign agreements to give russian companies a toehold in indonesia's oil and gas industry, long dominated by american and british giants such as exxon mobil and bp. 	1.0	blep
